>ECK125136964_adhPp5_reverse_1553994_[ICWHO|W|Inferred computationally without human oversight]_Weak
cctctgccgaagccctgcaacaggccattgacgataatttctggcaagccgaataccgcgActaccgccgtacctccatct

>ECK120009893_aerp_reverse_3219120_[HIPP|W|Human inference of promoter position]_[TIM|S|Transcription initiation mapping]_Strong
aattgcgatctaaatcaaattaatcggttaaagataaccgcagcggggccgacataaactCtgacaagaagttaacaacca

>ECK125137639_alxp3_forward_3238555_[ICWHO|W|Inferred computationally without human oversight]_Weak
cttgccggaaggcgaggtctatgcataaaaagcagcggctgacgtcttccgacgttggccGtttttttatgtgtaaggaac

>ECK125136492_ampGp6_reverse_453684_[ICWHO|W|Inferred computationally without human oversight]_Weak
accaaaaactatcgtgccagctacaacgttgaaggtgcgttccaggcctccaacaaaaatAtcgccgatgcggttaacagt

>ECK125137915_aspTp1_forward_3946780_[ICWHO|W|Inferred computationally without human oversight]_Weak
gtggtcccacctgaccccatgccgaactcagaagtgaaacgccgtagcgccgatggtagtGtggggtctccccatgcgaga

>ECK125136355_caiEp3_reverse_35499_[ICWHO|W|Inferred computationally without human oversight]_Weak
ctggcgattgcggcgctgaaagagatctaccgcaccaccagcgaaatgccggtagaagaaGcgtatcgctatattcgcagc

>ECK125136357_caiEp7_reverse_35399_[ICWHO|W|Inferred computationally without human oversight]_Weak
catcggttctgcattcggaagatgccattgaagggccgctggcgtttgccgagaagcgcgAtccggtgtggaaaggacgtt

>ECK125137075_chbGp5_reverse_1817312_[ICWHO|W|Inferred computationally without human oversight]_Weak
gataaagtaatggggctgattcacaccattaaaggcttcgagattgctgccagtaacgccGcacttagcggagaatttaac

>ECK125137208_cldp10_reverse_2098475_[ICWHO|W|Inferred computationally without human oversight]_Weak
ccgacgtcattatctctaaccgaatggcagaagagcttaaggatgtggcagataaggtatAcacccgcgatctctttggca

>ECK125136672_clpSp7_forward_922912_[ICWHO|W|Inferred computationally without human oversight]_Weak
taagctcttgtcagcggcagggcgttctgccgataaccgtaaccgaagatgataactgacAatgggtaaaacgaacgactg

>ECK125136578_cobCp6_reverse_670046_[ICWHO|W|Inferred computationally without human oversight]_Weak
ataacccggaagatcttcaccttcagcctgccggtaaaatttatctggctgaaacgccgtGgtttaacatctcggcgacca

>ECK125137806_dcrBp8_forward_3609913_[ICWHO|W|Inferred computationally without human oversight]_Weak
tccgaaatcaacgctttgcaggcgagttaaaggttcgttatcagagttgtgataagatggAtgaatgagccgttatggccg

>ECK125137106_dmlAp4_forward_1881712_[ICWHO|W|Inferred computationally without human oversight]_Weak
tgtaacaacaccacgtttagcgtttgctccagcaaggcgatgcgcttgctgacgaacgccGgtgaaacgcccagttcttcc

>ECK125136390_dxrp4_forward_193338_[ICWHO|W|Inferred computationally without human oversight]_Weak
acgacaaagtgaaagcactgttgaaagataaagagatcagcgaagacgacgatcgccgttCtcaggacgatgtacagaaac

>ECK125137290_ecop7_forward_2303851_[ICWHO|W|Inferred computationally without human oversight]_Weak
ttgtctgaatgttctttaagttattcataaagcaaattaataaatctgatgaatatgttaAccttcagcgacatcatcggt

>ECK120009892_flgKp_forward_1138351_[HIPP|W|Human inference of promoter position]_Weak
gaacattgataatctgttctgaataactcaagtccggcgggtcgctgccgataatactctGtaattgaaggcttataagga

>ECK120009891_flgMp_reverse_1130165_[HIPP|W|Human inference of promoter position]_Weak
gaatattcttataaacctgtaagctgttaaagattacccgtcccttgccgataaataagcAacacatgataaaagcgccct

>ECK125137156_flhCp3_reverse_1977932_[ICWHO|W|Inferred computationally without human oversight]_Weak
ttgacagccaccagacgattactcagttgacgcaagattcccgcgttgacgatctccagcAaattcataccggcatcatgc

>ECK120010568_fliAp2_reverse_2001808_[HIPP|W|Human inference of promoter position]_[TIM|S|Transcription initiation mapping]_Strong
acccactaatcgtccgattaaaaaccctgcagaaacggataatcatgccgataactcataTaacgcagggctgtttatcgt

>ECK120009887_fliCp_reverse_2003676_[HIPP|W|Human inference of promoter position]_[FP|S|Footprinting]_Strong
aaaaatggctgtttttgaaaaaaattctaaaggttgttttacgacagacgataacagggtTgacggcgattgagccgacgg

>ECK120016224_fliEp_reverse_2013093_[HIPP|W|Human inference of promoter position]_Weak
gaaaaattgacgctcccattatttgtgctttcgtttttttctatccgccaataaacccgtTtttttgttgctatttagcgc

>ECK120016703_fliFp_forward_2013205_[HIPP|W|Human inference of promoter position]_Weak
caatttttcgagtttgctgacccgggagtgagtcttgttccactttgccaataacgccgtCcataatcagccacgaggtgc

>ECK120010634_fliLp2_forward_2019595_[TIM|S|Transcription initiation mapping]_[HIPP|W|Human inference of promoter position]_Strong
ccgcgtcttttccccgctttgttgcgctcaagacgcaggataattagccgataagcagtaGcgacacaggaagaccgcaac

>ECK120009886_flxAp_forward_1646388_[HIPP|W|Human inference of promoter position]_[AIPP|W|Automated inference of promoter position]_Weak
aacaattaatgacacaagaaatacgattaaagatttttttgtgcatgccgatagtgctttTttaaaaggagaaatctatgt

>ECK125137968_frvRp4_reverse_4089902_[ICWHO|W|Inferred computationally without human oversight]_Weak
atttcaaaagccgattacgaagctctgctcacgctgatacggggttttctgacgaccttaActgcggagaaagtcaacgcg

>ECK125137364_fryAp6_reverse_2504493_[ICWHO|W|Inferred computationally without human oversight]_Weak
gtcttacgcgtgagacggttgttcaactgacggatttcagatgatctcctgattaacccgGagcggttatgttaacgattc

>ECK125136624_galMp4_reverse_788898_[ICWHO|W|Inferred computationally without human oversight]_Weak
tcgcgctgatcccggaagagctggtgcctgccgtacagcaagctgtcgctgaacaatatgAagcaaaaacaggtattaaag

>ECK125137847_ghrBp2_forward_3717189_[ICWHO|W|Inferred computationally without human oversight]_Weak
aacccaatcgccagcaacagcaccgcagaaggtaaggcgcaaaaccgccgtgtagaaattAccttaagcccgctgtaatcc

>ECK125137572_glcAp12_reverse_3121321_[ICWHO|W|Inferred computationally without human oversight]_Weak
ttgctgtaaagtataacgcctatattttacagttcagtcctcttttgcttattacaacctTaagtatatcaagcatataaa

>ECK125137911_glmSp2_reverse_3913811_[ICWHO|W|Inferred computationally without human oversight]_Weak
actcagaaagaaggctggcgtcgtccggtaaagaaaaagtgattctggccggctaacccgGtcacatgggatgaggagata

>ECK125137772_greBp8_forward_3536744_[ICWHO|W|Inferred computationally without human oversight]_Weak
ttgttacaaagcatattaaacagcagcttaagtatacaatttattcggcgaaacattattGattctgttgatatgatcacg

>ECK125137917_hdfRp6_reverse_3948160_[ICWHO|W|Inferred computationally without human oversight]_Weak
caactcattgaaggcataaccatgacgctcaagcagttgtgcctctttgatggtgaaatcAccatgacgagagaatccacg

>ECK120015403_hemLp_reverse_174921_[TIM|S|Transcription initiation mapping]_Strong
gcaccagtacaagcagcctgatgtttgacgagtatttaacttgttatgaataacatagaaTagcagccattcactttttct

>ECK125109035_hemLp1_reverse_174902_[HIPP|W|Human inference of promoter position]_[IEP|W|Inferred from expression pattern]_Weak
gatgtttgacgagtatttaacttgttatgaataacatagaatagcagccattcactttttCtacgaatcaggaaccctcca

>ECK125109036_hemLp2_reverse_174941_[HIPP|W|Human inference of promoter position]_Weak
tactctaagaaatcaggattgcaccagtacaagcagcctgatgtttgacgagtatttaacTtgttatgaataacatagaat

>ECK125137766_hslOp3_forward_3529733_[ICWHO|W|Inferred computationally without human oversight]_Weak
tgccgcacccggaccgacgcccggacaaaaaagagcgccgcgacctgttacgatttaaacAcggcgacagtgaataactgt

>ECK125137914_hsrAp6_reverse_3940706_[ICWHO|W|Inferred computationally without human oversight]_Weak
ttcacgtcaattaccagcgacacagtgataaagctggatctgcatcaggcgattgtcgatGcgattatccaaagcgatggc

>ECK125137199_insHp4_reverse_2067511_[ICWHO|W|Inferred computationally without human oversight]_Weak
ctaaatgttgaagaattatcccgcctgctgaagaacgttgctctgagtgtgataaaccttTttattcttgatgatgtcagc

>ECK125136882_insHp7_forward_1395971_[ICWHO|W|Inferred computationally without human oversight]_Weak
ttcagcgatcattgttttatcaggctcctccagataattgtcgtcatgccggaaacccctGgcggggctattttaccgcga

>ECK125136552_insLp5_forward_608056_[ICWHO|W|Inferred computationally without human oversight]_Weak
gcggggagtaatcccataagcgctaacttaagggttgtggtattacgcctgatatgatttAacgtgccgatgaattactct

>ECK125137473_ispFp2_reverse_2871911_[ICWHO|W|Inferred computationally without human oversight]_Weak
ttacatgactgtctgacgcgcgctctaaatgaaggcgcgactattaccgacgaagcctcgGcgctggaatattgcggattc

>ECK125137430_kgtPp7_reverse_2725760_[ICWHO|W|Inferred computationally without human oversight]_Weak
aatatttcctttacaaaaaaaataaacaaaagcgaccgacaaaagcatcggattacggcaGgagacataatggcatggctg

>ECK120015438_lolBp_reverse_1263556_[HIPP|W|Human inference of promoter position]_Weak
ttgccgaaagccgttagattctggcaattaagacaacttgaacatagacgatagcggacgGtaacgctagcattaagggtt

>ECK125136768_lolCp6_forward_1175374_[ICWHO|W|Inferred computationally without human oversight]_Weak
gatttacgggggcttttcagattagccctgacgatcacttacagttcagacgtttacccaTcttgctttcgcttatatact

>ECK120029594_modAp1_forward_794995_[HIPP|W|Human inference of promoter position]_[AIPP|W|Automated inference of promoter position]_Weak
ccgcttagtcgggcattttctttttctcaacttcctgcttttcctgccgatattttttctTatctacctcacaaaggttag

>ECK120009888_motAp_reverse_1977302_[HIPP|W|Human inference of promoter position]_Weak
accgccatcccgggcagtaaaaagacgtaaactttcccagaatcctgccgatattatcccAcaactgctggatgaacagag

>ECK125136875_mpaAp4_reverse_1390639_[ICWHO|W|Inferred computationally without human oversight]_Weak
aagtgatacaagatcgatgacatagcgttgaagaaaaggatttgataatccgcaaaatttGcacaacactgcctgtaatac

>ECK125137685_nlpIp2_reverse_3309040_[ICWHO|W|Inferred computationally without human oversight]_Weak
aagaagcgactgagcagtctcaacctgctgcagcaccggaagctccggctgctgaacaggGcgagtaaggttgccatttgc

>ECK125137761_nudEp9_reverse_3526329_[ICWHO|W|Inferred computationally without human oversight]_Weak
caagcgtggagtttaacttgagcatcattaagcacatcacagtaaccgctgatcatagcaAaccctctgaaggcggaatat

>ECK125136777_nudJp6_reverse_1194437_[ICWHO|W|Inferred computationally without human oversight]_Weak
cgcggaatccaccaattcgtgaacgcaaaagtattcccaccagctggctgaagatcacctTatatgaaggacgtaatcgcc

>ECK120010266_oppAp_forward_1301085_[NTAS|W|Non-traceable author statement]_[AIPP|W|Automated inference of promoter position]_Weak
atcgtctgaatcaccagaataaataaagtcggtgatagtaatacgtaacgataaagtaacCtgacagcagaaagtctccga

>ECK125137406_pbpCp1_reverse_2647493_[ICWHO|W|Inferred computationally without human oversight]_Weak
ttactgaaccagatgcagcaggcgagcattaagcacattgagttccgtgacgatcgctttGtggcggcggttgccgttgat

>ECK125137982_pflDp4_forward_4143858_[ICWHO|W|Inferred computationally without human oversight]_Weak
atggtgattctgaccaaagatatcggcatcaagtttgaagagcgttttgctggcaagaccAtcgtgcgcgtcaacatcagc

>ECK125136863_pgpBp8_forward_1339182_[ICWHO|W|Inferred computationally without human oversight]_Weak
ggttggcagtttggcttctgccacacgtttaagctgcatgaaattctccagataatgctgGttctgtattggcttattttg

>ECK120029592_ppdAp_reverse_2964220_[HIPP|W|Human inference of promoter position]_Weak
gaaattttgcaacgtcctgcaacggcgtaaatagtccggaagatgcgccgaagaaatagaAactggccctcgtcttttttt

>ECK125137394_ppkp5_forward_2622874_[ICWHO|W|Inferred computationally without human oversight]_Weak
acgccgcgtggctggatggtcaacgtctgccgccgcagggctacgctgccgacgagtaatAcccccgtaattaaagcgcca

>ECK125137123_prcp1_reverse_1915027_[ICWHO|W|Inferred computationally without human oversight]_Weak
gaaggcgctgaacgtaaacctcgtgcgcaaaagccggtagagaaagcgccaaaaacagtaAaagcacctcgcgaagaacag

>ECK125137989_purDp1_reverse_4205986_[ICWHO|W|Inferred computationally without human oversight]_Weak
taatccagcctggcggttctatccgtgatgacgaagtgattgccgccgccgacgagcacgGtattgcgatgctcttcaccg

>ECK125137883_pyrEp4_reverse_3815985_[ICWHO|W|Inferred computationally without human oversight]_Weak
ggcgaagcggtttgcgatctggaatacgttgaagactctgccgcagagaccgacatgaacGtagtgatgaccgaagacggg

>ECK125137296_rcsCp5_reverse_2319979_[ICWHO|W|Inferred computationally without human oversight]_Weak
gaaatccactagtcttgtccggtatatgacgattatcagaggttaaggtgatgatttctcGgcggtgtatcatattccaga

>ECK125137931_rhtCp2_forward_4007739_[ICWHO|W|Inferred computationally without human oversight]_Weak
gatgacgaagagtagtcagcagcataaaaaagtgccagtatgaagactccgtaaacgtttCccccgcgagtcaaatgtatg

>ECK125137996_rluFp6_forward_4230162_[ICWHO|W|Inferred computationally without human oversight]_Weak
ttacccggcagcgtcgagttactcaataaaagcagttccattacttctccggttagtaagAaatcacgggaggcatgctac

>ECK125136562_rnkp7_reverse_644180_[ICWHO|W|Inferred computationally without human oversight]_Weak
gtaactgtggcaaaacctttgtgattgataaagcgggttattaatcatctgatttacaaaAcacgctaattcgtcttccat

>ECK125137796_rsmDp11_forward_3604315_[ICWHO|W|Inferred computationally without human oversight]_Weak
ctcctcgctgttgcttcatggcacagcgttaacgctatgtacatagcagctaaaaaaatgAtgaaatagtctatcacttaa

>ECK125137673_rsmIp6_reverse_3293393_[ICWHO|W|Inferred computationally without human oversight]_Weak
aacaacaggcagacaacgcgcggctttcaaacgagaaaatgttgagggtaccataatgtaTccagtgatattttttttacg

>ECK125137777_rtcAp6_reverse_3556948_[ICWHO|W|Inferred computationally without human oversight]_Weak
attcgtgccaccgcgcatgtggaatgccgtaaagatgccgaagtgatcgacgaaatcccgAtggcgtataaagatattgat

>ECK125137745_slyDp5_reverse_3478540_[ICWHO|W|Inferred computationally without human oversight]_Weak
ccggactagcgatatgcgccgagtttttttaagctagtgagtacacggctgcagaattccGctacaatctgcgccactatt

>ECK125137424_srmBp4_forward_2712876_[ICWHO|W|Inferred computationally without human oversight]_Weak
cccgagaagcgatatccatacaaacagatgaagattgcagccgtaacgtctataatcagcGccccacacagaggtagaaca

>ECK125138060_tabAp5_forward_4474783_[ICWHO|W|Inferred computationally without human oversight]_Weak
gccttgacccgaaaggcgggaaagcgcctgccgataagttgtgataagacaataattcacGcgttaaggctagcggaattg

>ECK120009894_tarp_reverse_1972716_[HIPP|W|Human inference of promoter position]_[TIM|S|Transcription initiation mapping]_Strong
caatttcgcggcgggtggcatcagcaataaagtttcccccctccttgccgataacgagatCaacttgttttcaggaaggtg

>ECK125137722_tldDp7_reverse_3392184_[ICWHO|W|Inferred computationally without human oversight]_Weak
gcgacgctgtgcgtcttatcaggcctacaaacggaacataaccgtaggtcggataaggcgTttacgccgcatccgacagcc

>ECK125136723_torTp7_forward_1056207_[ICWHO|W|Inferred computationally without human oversight]_Weak
atccagagtcttcgggtcagggttaaattcacggtcggtgcactttaggtgaaaaaggttGagtcgcaaagcggaatgcat

>ECK120034223_trgp1_forward_1492439_[HIPP|W|Human inference of promoter position]_[HTTIM|S|High-throughput transcription initiation mapping]_Strong
tgtgacgcaaagaggtttttggtcataagtaattaccgtcaagtgccgatgactttctatCaggagtaaacctggacgaga

>ECK125136851_trpAp8_reverse_1317241_[ICWHO|W|Inferred computationally without human oversight]_Weak
tggtggttaacctttccggtcgcggcgataaagacatcttcaccgttcacgatattttgaAagcacgaggggaaatctgat

>ECK120009889_tsrp_forward_4591633_[HIPP|W|Human inference of promoter position]_[TIM|S|Transcription initiation mapping]_Strong
ctcggcgtaatctccgcgggatattcataaagtttttcctttccaggccgaaaatcttgcAtcggtccacaggaaagagaa

>ECK125137936_ubiEp4_forward_4018747_[ICWHO|W|Inferred computationally without human oversight]_Weak
ttcggtcggttccggagcagccgaatgatgaagcttatcaacgcgatgatgaatataatcAgcagtcgcgctagcccattg

>ECK120015380_vesp_reverse_1824984_[TIM|S|Transcription initiation mapping]_Strong
agttgtaaaaaaagcctgatcaccactaacgtaaatcacccgagttgccgataaccatccAcggttacctgaacgataaca

>ECK125136427_yagGp9_forward_285207_[ICWHO|W|Inferred computationally without human oversight]_Weak
taaaaaagcgctcggaatttaattattttaagagataaaaccgtctgcggaatatttcccGcagacggctttgttgttttt

>ECK125136480_yaiIp3_forward_405723_[ICWHO|W|Inferred computationally without human oversight]_Weak
aaattcattgttttgataatcgctggcagaagcataaacagaactatgccggaaggcaaaAgcgcgacacaatagaggatt

>ECK125136500_ybaMp3_reverse_490324_[ICWHO|W|Inferred computationally without human oversight]_Weak
aacgctgcatcgtgaagtggaagcctatgaagcgcgcctggcacgctgccgccatgcgctGgaaaaaatcgaaaacaggtt

>ECK125136504_ybaNp9_forward_490879_[ICWHO|W|Inferred computationally without human oversight]_Weak
acctcaatgaaaatgataattgttatgctaaagtagccactctgtaagctgacaacactcAatatgcaacgaatcatttta

>ECK125136495_ybaYp3_forward_475245_[ICWHO|W|Inferred computationally without human oversight]_Weak
ccgcagcaagccaaagtgagttgagtataacgcaaatttgctactggtccgatgggtgcaAtggtctgaattacgggctaa

>ECK125136515_ybbJp1_reverse_515077_[ICWHO|W|Inferred computationally without human oversight]_Weak
ggcgaacgtcagtcggcgtttttacaggctgaagcgcgtgaacgttccgccgaagcagaaGcccgcgccaccaaaatggtg

>ECK125136550_ybdJp5_reverse_606264_[ICWHO|W|Inferred computationally without human oversight]_Weak
gatggcggctcgctgattgggctggtgaaaaagcattgtgagatctgggccggtgactaaGccgggaattgccttacagaa

>ECK125136603_ybfAp8_forward_729082_[ICWHO|W|Inferred computationally without human oversight]_[RS-EPT-CBR|S|RNA-seq using two enrichment strategies for primary transcripts and consistent biological replicates]_Strong
agtggtcggatgagtagtaaaattacacaaaaggcggtactattttcatcagataaacaaAttcatttttccggtgccatt

>ECK125136635_ybhNp5_reverse_822648_[ICWHO|W|Inferred computationally without human oversight]_Weak
tcagcaggtggatgaaaccatgctgcccaaacgcacctggtggaacctgaccaaaagcgtGctggcgttccactttttacg

>ECK125136655_ybiWp4_reverse_862783_[ICWHO|W|Inferred computationally without human oversight]_Weak
gggctttaatgccgacgaaacctctgtaaaagccattaccgattttgccgccgacgagctGcacgttggcgaaattcattt

>ECK125136639_ybiXp2_reverse_839274_[ICWHO|W|Inferred computationally without human oversight]_Weak
acgtcgcctcaatcaacaagagcggctaccgttatcacccgggcgagccaagaaccttctTgctcacagccaatatgcatt

>ECK125136691_ycaIp8_forward_964108_[ICWHO|W|Inferred computationally without human oversight]_Weak
gaaaatacgttcctcactttaaacctggtaaagaactgcgcgatcgcgccaatatttacgGttaagttttttactcaaact

>ECK125136740_yceIp5_reverse_1118641_[ICWHO|W|Inferred computationally without human oversight]_Weak
ggtaaaccgatcagcgtttttggctggtttgacgtccccgcgacccttgccgacgctggcGcacaggcagactttgccggt

>ECK125136775_ycfDp5_reverse_1188270_[ICWHO|W|Inferred computationally without human oversight]_Weak
ccgaaagatgaataaatatgcccatacttcacgcattacgttaagcatccgttataatcgGttgcagataccagcctgtgg

>ECK120009895_ycgRp_reverse_1244556_[HIPP|W|Human inference of promoter position]_[AIPP|W|Automated inference of promoter position]_Weak
catgtaaaaaatattcacgcatttgtattaagttttgttaactgtgaccgataaaccaaaGacagtttgtcagtcaggagt

>ECK125136919_ydcFp4_forward_1487231_[ICWHO|W|Inferred computationally without human oversight]_Weak
cagagtgctccgcttctcactattatctcacgcagtattcttaagggaacgataaggaggAaccatgaacattaccccgtt

>ECK120029596_yecFp_forward_1995717_[HIPP|W|Human inference of promoter position]_Weak
gataaaaatatttattggtcattatattaacgtattttatagcactgccgatatcacgctCaaaaaacaaccactgctatt

>ECK125137166_yecHp5_reverse_1989652_[ICWHO|W|Inferred computationally without human oversight]_Weak
ataaaaacacttcccagggttctgtttttcacgctttcttctgtcctgacgatctttatgAgtgatatctgcggcgcaggt

>ECK125137164_yecJp4_reverse_1987802_[ICWHO|W|Inferred computationally without human oversight]_Weak
gctccggcaggtttttttgtgtcctgatgacggtggatgtgactatcgctgaagatgtgaAgtcgctactataacggcttt

>ECK125137181_yedVp6_reverse_2038202_[ICWHO|W|Inferred computationally without human oversight]_Weak
gtggacgtcgccattcgcaggctccgcgcaaaagttgatgatccttttcctgaaaagctaAttgccacaatccgggggatg

>ECK125137278_yeiRp3_forward_2267742_[ICWHO|W|Inferred computationally without human oversight]_Weak
caggcgctattaaacaccctcaaaatttaacgatttctgcggttaaagcggatgaagctcAccttcgtccgctctcccctt

>ECK125137304_yfaDp5_forward_2356690_[ICWHO|W|Inferred computationally without human oversight]_Weak
aacctgtaaatggcagattgagatgtccacaagtcttcgctgcgaacatccgattacgctActggcccaggcgctggctta

>ECK125137357_yfdPp9_forward_2473572_[ICWHO|W|Inferred computationally without human oversight]_Weak
tctgacagttgagaaaatgccgctgcctgaagcttcgcaacgttaagctgataaacattcGacgcattgcggttatgatga

>ECK125137381_yfeXp5_reverse_2550678_[ICWHO|W|Inferred computationally without human oversight]_Weak
accagttcagcggggaatggcgtggtcctgaagggttaatgccttcggacgataccctgaAaaactggaaagtcagtaaaa

>ECK125137382_yfeZp3_reverse_2551921_[ICWHO|W|Inferred computationally without human oversight]_Weak
acgtggtcggaacggtgatgggcggttatgacgggcatcgcgggtctgcttattatcttgGcgtgcatccagagtttcgtg

>ECK125137439_yfiRp8_forward_2741702_[ICWHO|W|Inferred computationally without human oversight]_Weak
aacaatgttgaaaatgccagccaactgcatgaagtatggcaaaaaggggctgatgaaaatGccagcacaatacgattaaat

>ECK120029593_ygbKp_forward_2862197_[HIPP|W|Human inference of promoter position]_Weak
cccgcattcagccgtcgatatttttgttaaggatcttggtctggttgccgatacagccaaAgccctgcacttcccgctgcc

>ECK125137491_ygdGp2_forward_2930873_[ICWHO|W|Inferred computationally without human oversight]_Weak
gtaccagcgagccgcgcgtctgcctcgataaagttatcgaaaccatgtacgaaacaggtaAagatatgaacgccaagtacc

>ECK125137503_ygdRp5_forward_2971247_[ICWHO|W|Inferred computationally without human oversight]_Weak
tttaagattttcctgctttcaagatatataacgtcggtttataaacagactattatcataGgtaggccaaatgaggataac

>ECK125137561_yggLp3_reverse_3102254_[ICWHO|W|Inferred computationally without human oversight]_Weak
actgggaaccttatgcggaacatatgcttgaagtgatgtcttctattgacggttataaaaAcctgtcagagagcaatgatt

>ECK125137638_ygjQp6_forward_3236462_[ICWHO|W|Inferred computationally without human oversight]_Weak
agcttgagttcgacacccgactgtggctaacgcagttgtcgcttgggcagaacaaaatctGaaaatgatgtcaggcgttat

>ECK125137703_yhcFp5_forward_3366889_[ICWHO|W|Inferred computationally without human oversight]_Weak
gcctcacactgacaatggctccagcttttaaggatgaaggggaactaaccgacatgacagAtattacaggcaatctgacgg

>ECK125137709_yhcMp4_reverse_3380119_[ICWHO|W|Inferred computationally without human oversight]_Weak
gttgtcttttgtttccgtagggtgttggcttcaggctccatgcctgcggctgattatgccActataaccgttaattccaca

>ECK125137818_yhiMp10_forward_3634635_[ICWHO|W|Inferred computationally without human oversight]_Weak
gagactatccggtcttttaccaaataatgaagaataatccctccctggaagataattgtaAaaaacaacagcataagaatt

>ECK120009896_yhjHp_reverse_3679229_[HIPP|W|Human inference of promoter position]_[AIPP|W|Automated inference of promoter position]_Weak
gtgaggaaatttaccccggccaggcggtaaagttctgcccttacgcgccgataatctttgTcgagtccgggcagcatcact

>ECK125137920_yifBp9_forward_3949984_[ICWHO|W|Inferred computationally without human oversight]_Weak
catttactcccagggctgcgcgggtatgaacaattgacagtgacataagccctccttgagTcaccattatgtgcataagat

>ECK125137954_yihOp3_reverse_4065971_[ICWHO|W|Inferred computationally without human oversight]_Weak
gctggctggtttcttccccggctggatgctgacgcaaattggctatgtgccgaacgtcgcAcaggctgaccacaccattga

>ECK125137988_yjaHp1_forward_4200511_[ICWHO|W|Inferred computationally without human oversight]_Weak
gcgtactggccgcaacccgcagaccggtaaagaaatcaaaattgccgcagctaacgtaccGgcatttgtttctggcaaggc

>ECK125138014_yjcOp3_reverse_4297330_[ICWHO|W|Inferred computationally without human oversight]_Weak
tgcctgtaacgagctggttaccgaaaacttaagcccgattacgaaaacgccggagtacaaAtactgcgccgttcgcgtcga

>ECK125109031_yjdAp1_forward_4327079_[HIPP|W|Human inference of promoter position]_Weak
aaacaacacactaaatataaaattatttcttgcagtaattataaaagccgaaaacagaacTcaaaaacaatctggctaaat

>ECK125138028_yjdLp4_reverse_4356507_[ICWHO|W|Inferred computationally without human oversight]_Weak
ctcactatccgggctttgaaaccgatattcacggtgcataccgtcaggctgatggccgctAtaccgttaaggtattgaaag

>ECK125138057_yjgAp11_reverse_4458046_[ICWHO|W|Inferred computationally without human oversight]_Weak
tgcttacgctaatgccggtggtcttgctgacggcaacttccgcaccgtccgatttgcctgAggccaactccagcgcagtgg

>ECK125138054_yjgAp5_reverse_4458081_[ICWHO|W|Inferred computationally without human oversight]_Weak
attgaattcaacattctccacttcaccataacgcgtgcttacgctaatgccggtggtcttGctgacggcaacttccgcacc

>ECK125138086_yjhUp8_reverse_4520540_[ICWHO|W|Inferred computationally without human oversight]_Weak
tgcacggtgacgaatcgctggcgatcaaaaaggggcgatattgaaccttcgattatgcttGatgggtgtattctcagtaat

>ECK125109033_ykfBp1_reverse_266158_[HIPP|W|Human inference of promoter position]_Weak
ccaggaggtgacggacccgtataccaaagaaaaatactttgagtacgcccatgacggcaaActgatggggcagctactgat

>ECK125109034_ykfBp2_reverse_266227_[HIPP|W|Human inference of promoter position]_Weak
tatgcaggaaaaaaccgtccagccactgatgaatgcgctgtgtattgccgataacatcaaActggaataccaggaggtgac

>ECK125136451_ykgCp8_reverse_320088_[ICWHO|W|Inferred computationally without human oversight]_Weak
atcatgatttttgttttgtgattctgattaagaaaaagaaaatatcagacgataagacaaAatatcaagcgttgtgaagaa

>ECK125136737_ymdAp9_forward_1105412_[ICWHO|W|Inferred computationally without human oversight]_Weak
caacctgaaagtatggataacacaaccctcaaggatgactaatcattgaggaaatagaatAaatgttcagaccttttttaa

>ECK125136821_ymgEp7_forward_1244555_[ICWHO|W|Inferred computationally without human oversight]_Weak
ttgtttcaggaactgctcatggtaatgactcacgcggaaaaactcctgactgacaaactgTctttggtttatcggtcacag

>ECK125136954_yncDp11_reverse_1523276_[ICWHO|W|Inferred computationally without human oversight]_Weak
gcgcgatgaaaacagatgacgtaaatgcatgacgactccctttgatgaaccgatatttttGctgcttcacaatgcttcgct

>ECK125137079_ynjFp6_reverse_1841611_[ICWHO|W|Inferred computationally without human oversight]_Weak
gcttcgatgcccagttcttcgcgtaactcacgcaccagcgcctgccgctgactttcatccGgctcgactttaccaccggca

>ECK120029595_ynjHp_reverse_1842163_[HIPP|W|Human inference of promoter position]_[AIPP|W|Automated inference of promoter position]_Weak
ataaccaaatgcgataactcagacgctaaagttttgccacccggctaccgttatcagtagCagagacaataacgttaagga

>ECK125109029_ynjHp2_reverse_1842188_[HIPP|W|Human inference of promoter position]_Weak
gcaaattaataacgagagtaatctcataaccaaatgcgataactcagacgctaaagttttGccacccggctaccgttatca

>ECK125137111_yoaCp7_reverse_1894112_[ICWHO|W|Inferred computationally without human oversight]_Weak
caccaatgaaatccagggctttatctattacagcaggcatattcttatccttaaaattaaCcatgttatcgataaggctat

>ECK125137185_yodBp14_forward_2042261_[ICWHO|W|Inferred computationally without human oversight]_Weak
tacggccaacagagaaagatacctgtgctcacgccattgcttatattggctggttacaatAtgcactatcaattttttaaa

>ECK125137417_yphBp2_reverse_2674795_[ICWHO|W|Inferred computationally without human oversight]_Weak
ttccatatggaaaaatgcgcccatgatctgacggactggaagctgtggccgcgtaacgccAttacccatcgcttctcgctg

>ECK125137520_yqeIp8_forward_2988415_[ICWHO|W|Inferred computationally without human oversight]_Weak
tttacgtaaagttttacgttgcaacattaaagcctcatttcaatcatcatgataaatataAaattaatatatatttatgcc

>ECK125137677_yraQp4_reverse_3298207_[ICWHO|W|Inferred computationally without human oversight]_Weak
gagcatgaaggcgtgacgattttaagctcttcagaattacgcaaaagagctgaataattaTtcccaagaattgatagtgag

>ECK125137765_yrfFp12_forward_3526403_[ICWHO|W|Inferred computationally without human oversight]_Weak
ggttactgtgatgtgcttaatgatgctcaagttaaactccacgcttgccgatagccaaccGcagaatcatgtattgtgtcc

>ECK125138050_ytfIp11_forward_4437617_[ICWHO|W|Inferred computationally without human oversight]_Weak
aagttataaataaaaagagattgtatttaaagtgcaaaaattcaattgctaataagttacAttttaataatgagcgttttt

