>ECK125137714_aaeBp3_reverse_3388263_[ICWHO|W|Inferred computationally without human oversight]_Weak
caaccagcaagagaacatctggcctgcgggcaccactgctacagtggtggtcactggcaaAcaagatcgcgacgaaagcca

>ECK125137420_acpSp2_reverse_2701137_[ICWHO|W|Inferred computationally without human oversight]_Weak
ccgcgacctttgccgcaagcctcggtctgaaagttaacgccggacacggtctgacctatcAcaacgtgaaagccattgccg

>ECK125137421_acpSp3_reverse_2701162_[ICWHO|W|Inferred computationally without human oversight]_Weak
caagagctggcgcgtatcgccaaagccgcgacctttgccgcaagcctcggtctgaaagttAacgccggacacggtctgacc

>ECK120016719_ahpFp_forward_639002_[TIM|S|Transcription initiation mapping]_[AIPP|W|Automated inference of promoter position]_Strong
tagatgtccttgattaacaccaaaattaaaccttttaaaaaccaggcattcaaaaacggcGaattcatcgaaatcaccgaa

>ECK125137463_alaEp1_forward_2799070_[ICWHO|W|Inferred computationally without human oversight]_Weak
tattttatctacaaaaactgactaaataaaaatttttcactaattgattagtcatagccaGcgatatacgctatgcgaaaa

>ECK125137369_alaXp2_reverse_2518279_[ICWHO|W|Inferred computationally without human oversight]_Weak
atttgcctgatttttcagcgattgaaactacacgttgcaatttgccgttgacacattcggGcggaattcatatgatgccgc

>ECK125136365_ampDp5_forward_118681_[ICWHO|W|Inferred computationally without human oversight]_Weak
cagggttatagcggcgaggcggcatgttaaaactccagatagctaacgaatcataaggtaGaaacatgctactctgaaccg

>ECK125136491_ampGp5_reverse_453627_[ICWHO|W|Inferred computationally without human oversight]_Weak
aatatcgccgatgcggttaacagtgtgctgaccgataccatcgctgatatgtctcaggacAccagcatccacgaattcatc

>ECK125136359_apaHp4_reverse_51293_[ICWHO|W|Inferred computationally without human oversight]_Weak
gtgcaatcattgaaaccccgctgggcaccatgcagggtcactacgaaatgatcgatgaaaAtggcgtccctttcagcatcg

>ECK125137294_apbEp1_reverse_2311594_[ICWHO|W|Inferred computationally without human oversight]_Weak
cagttctaatctcgattgatatcgaacaaagggcctgcgggcccttttttcattgttttcAgcgtacaaactcagtttttt

>ECK125136669_aqpZp2_reverse_916212_[ICWHO|W|Inferred computationally without human oversight]_Weak
cctaaaggattaaatcttttgcgtgcactacactgtcaatcagacaaatgactatatgggGcaacccgctgttgccctaaa

>ECK125137992_arpAp1_reverse_4222629_[ICWHO|W|Inferred computationally without human oversight]_Weak
acttttattaactcagcattatttttaaacatcaaaccacttaattattaacaaaatcgcAagatctcattccaccgaaac

>ECK125137076_astEp3_reverse_1827069_[ICWHO|W|Inferred computationally without human oversight]_Weak
ccgggcggtgaatccggcggtgatgatgaacgatacgctgtttaatgcgctcaatgactgGgtggatcgttactaccgcga

>ECK125136915_azoRp1_reverse_1482873_[ICWHO|W|Inferred computationally without human oversight]_Weak
tgtggcaggattgtgaataaagtgtcaacaagcaacggggcatcgcccattcaaacatctAtaaggaaacaccatgagcaa

>ECK125136916_azoRp6_reverse_1482927_[ICWHO|W|Inferred computationally without human oversight]_Weak
tctatgcgttgttcaataaattcgaacataggcttcgatttattgcgctatctctgtggcAggattgtgaataaagtgtca

>ECK120009966_bacAp_reverse_3204175_[TIM|S|Transcription initiation mapping]_[AIPP|W|Automated inference of promoter position]_Strong
aaagaaaataattaattttacagctgttaaaccaaacggttataacctggtcatacgcagTagttcggacaagcggtacat

>ECK120010006_bamAp_forward_197821_[TIM|S|Transcription initiation mapping]_[HIPP|W|Human inference of promoter position]_Strong
ctgctgttccttgcgatcgaaaagatcaagggcggaccggtatccgagcgggttcaagacTtttgttatcgcattggctcg

>ECK120016583_bamAp2_forward_197026_[TIM|S|Transcription initiation mapping]_[AIPP|W|Automated inference of promoter position]_[RS-EPT-CBR|S|RNA-seq using two enrichment strategies for primary transcripts and consistent biological replicates]_Strong
gcggaagcacaaattgcaccaggtacggaactaaaagccgtagatggtatcgaaacgcctGattgggatgccgtgcgtttg

>ECK120016567_bamBp_reverse_2638975_[TIM|S|Transcription initiation mapping]_[AIPP|W|Automated inference of promoter position]_Strong
aaatacttatggtgcgctggcttctttggaacttgcgcagcaatttgttgacaaaaatgaActagagaaagctgccgccca

>ECK120009993_bamCp_reverse_2599014_[TIM|S|Transcription initiation mapping]_[HIPP|W|Human inference of promoter position]_Strong
acgcgttattaatcagcgtctgatgccattacacaacaaactatttgtcgaacccaatccAatcccggtgaaatgggcatg

>ECK120010008_bamDp_forward_2736006_[TIM|S|Transcription initiation mapping]_[HIPP|W|Human inference of promoter position]_Strong
ctgatctaagcgttgaccgagttggttttcggacaccgttgcagtgagctgtactcgttgTgccatatatactgcttcttc

>ECK120016572_bamDp2_forward_2735961_[TIM|S|Transcription initiation mapping]_[AIPP|W|Automated inference of promoter position]_Strong
ttttattcgcgaacgtgaataatccgggaacatttcggccaaagcctgatctaagcgttgAccgagttggttttcggacac

>ECK120009964_bamEp_forward_2753486_[TIM|S|Transcription initiation mapping]_[AIPP|W|Automated inference of promoter position]_Strong
ggcgaatgcgaaagaactgcttgcagcgtaaacttttttcctgcttcacggtcagagtaaAcagcaaaacgccgtaagacc

>ECK120016566_bepAp1_forward_2616068_[TIM|S|Transcription initiation mapping]_[AIPP|W|Automated inference of promoter position]_Strong
gccgttacactcaaaggcggcgcggtgggaacgatatttcacagtatcggtcaaatgactAtctccagaaatacaggatag

>ECK125135037_bhsAp_forward_1169033_[HTTIM|S|High-throughput transcription initiation mapping]_Strong
taaaaaatatcttgtatgtgatccagatcacatctatcatttagttatcgatcgttaagtAattgcttgcgacgtcattca

>ECK125137842_bisCp4_reverse_3716415_[ICWHO|W|Inferred computationally without human oversight]_Weak
aagattattcctgggaatactcggaaatttgtaagtaatatttaactgctcaatacatctAacctttcaggagtcttcggt

>ECK125137288_ccmHp1_reverse_2292621_[ICWHO|W|Inferred computationally without human oversight]_Weak
cgcagggcatccgcgtggtcggcatgaactataaagacgatcgccagaaggcaatcagctGgctgaaagagctgggcaatc

>ECK125137074_chbGp4_reverse_1817242_[ICWHO|W|Inferred computationally without human oversight]_Weak
gagaatttaacgatgtgttactggcgctaaaccttagtccgttggtgcattccgatcgcgAtgctgagctgctggcacgcg

>ECK125136563_citTp4_reverse_646632_[ICWHO|W|Inferred computationally without human oversight]_Weak
atctcagtccaggcggcagtgctgacctactgatccttacctggtttttagcacagatttAattatttaagcacttgataa

>ECK125137207_cldp9_reverse_2098310_[ICWHO|W|Inferred computationally without human oversight]_Weak
tcctatagcattcacgaggattatcgctaaactatgcggacttggaaatttccgtcagttAgggtaatgatgagagtagaa

>ECK120033258_clpXp_forward_457202_[TIM|S|Transcription initiation mapping]_[AIPP|W|Automated inference of promoter position]_[RS-EPT-CBR|S|RNA-seq using two enrichment strategies for primary transcripts and consistent biological replicates]_Strong
attctgaaagttaaagggcgcatgaatgaacttatggcgcttcatacgggtcaatcattaGaacagattgaacgtgatacc

>ECK125136579_cobCp7_reverse_669944_[ICWHO|W|Inferred computationally without human oversight]_Weak
acggtgaatcatgtgaggatttattgccggaaccggtactgacttacattaaccaacaagGcttgtatcgctgatacctgt

>ECK125137971_cpxAp1_reverse_4105101_[ICWHO|W|Inferred computationally without human oversight]_Weak
gcatctgggtcaggtggtttcccgtgaacatttaagccaggaagtgttgggcaaacgcctGacgcctttcgaccgcgctat

>ECK125136566_crcBp4_reverse_658008_[ICWHO|W|Inferred computationally without human oversight]_Weak
acagatgtaacagcaaactgtcctgcggcaaccagcattgccacctcctgtcagagtcgtAaaattcgccaacgacgatta

>ECK125136734_csgGp1_reverse_1101755_[ICWHO|W|Inferred computationally without human oversight]_Weak
gccaaccgcgatggtcaattgcagttgaacgtgacagatcgtaaaaccggacaaacctcgAccatccaggtttcgggttta

>ECK125137460_csiRp3_forward_2795471_[ICWHO|W|Inferred computationally without human oversight]_Weak
aaaattctgcgagcagaaggaagcgaaattcgcttgcgaatgtggctttatccgtggctcAcctggctagtcatcggcttt

>ECK125136998_cspFp8_forward_1641846_[ICWHO|W|Inferred computationally without human oversight]_Weak
tcaaaaaactatagctttcttcaggaacgtgtgtatagtgcgccaagttatcagtattaaGgaatttttttgtcccgtaaa

>ECK125136716_cspHp13_reverse_1051373_[ICWHO|W|Inferred computationally without human oversight]_Weak
cggcaaacagggctttaatacagaaactacttagtgttcaggagagagactcaaaagaagGggataatgcctgataatgag

>ECK125136717_cspHp14_reverse_1051304_[ICWHO|W|Inferred computationally without human oversight]_Weak
cctgataatgagaactgctttagtaaactactttgtatgctgtctgtctttcaaaccgacGcagctattaacgcatgataa

>ECK120034942_cyaRp_forward_2167114_[TIM|S|Transcription initiation mapping]_[AIPP|W|Automated inference of promoter position]_[HTTIM|S|High-throughput transcription initiation mapping]_[RS-EPT-CBR|S|RNA-seq using two enrichment strategies for primary transcripts and consistent biological replicates]_Strong
tggaaaattcttagaaaccgatcacatacagctgcatttattaaggttatcatccgtttcGctgaaaaacataacccataa

>ECK125136920_cybBp5_forward_1490761_[ICWHO|W|Inferred computationally without human oversight]_Weak
caactttactcatggttttctcctgtcaggaacgttcggatgaaaattgatcctttccaaGcttagaccaggatggcggga

>ECK125136674_cydCp5_reverse_929400_[ICWHO|W|Inferred computationally without human oversight]_Weak
aaatccctgttcgctattactgttggatgaacccgctgccagccttgatgctcacagtgaAcagcgcgtaatggaggcgct

>ECK125137379_cysZp1_forward_2531383_[ICWHO|W|Inferred computationally without human oversight]_Weak
attaactttcacagcacaaagatagatgaaatcgtgctttttgctgttttttcgaacataTcctaactgtccattgcgcaa

>ECK125136574_dacAp2_reverse_663967_[ICWHO|W|Inferred computationally without human oversight]_Weak
cggtagtgcatttgctatagtagggcacttttttaattccatcacggatgtcgtagttcaGaccatgaataccattttttc

>ECK125136884_dbpAp2_forward_1409338_[ICWHO|W|Inferred computationally without human oversight]_Weak
taagagtccacccaatgaccagagggaaatatgacgacacttatttatttgcaaattcctGtccctgaaccgattcctggc

>ECK125137803_dcrBp1_forward_3609767_[ICWHO|W|Inferred computationally without human oversight]_Weak
ggcgtagcccggatgcctttatggctgaacactggatggaaatcgcgctggtcgattactGtttcaaagtgttaatcagta

>ECK125137684_deaDp1_reverse_3307909_[ICWHO|W|Inferred computationally without human oversight]_Weak
ttaatacacctactttgagccggttcacacttttcaatgaaaattgctgatcaatttcatGatgagttatgtagactggcc

>ECK120010283_degPp_forward_180845_[TIM|S|Transcription initiation mapping]_[HIPP|W|Human inference of promoter position]_Strong
tttaccttttgcagaaactttagttcggaacttcaggctataaaacgaatctgaagaacaCagcaattttgcgttatctgt

>ECK120009990_dsbCp_reverse_3038834_[TIM|S|Transcription initiation mapping]_[HIPP|W|Human inference of promoter position]_Strong
accgagcgtctgcggcaacttcatcaacagcatcacccgcgggcgtgatgtctgaaaagaAcgggaagatttatgaagaaa

>ECK120016573_dsbCp2_reverse_3039633_[TIM|S|Transcription initiation mapping]_[AIPP|W|Automated inference of promoter position]_Strong
ggaaaaaaatctggctgaaaatacgttgaacgcttaccgtcgcgatctgtcaatgatggtGgagtggttgcatcaccgcgg

>ECK125136388_dxrp1_forward_193471_[ICWHO|W|Inferred computationally without human oversight]_Weak
agaactgatgcagttctgatttcttgaacgacaaaaacgccgctcagtagatccttgcggAtcggctggcggcgttttgct

>ECK125136391_dxrp5_forward_193411_[ICWHO|W|Inferred computationally without human oversight]_Weak
acagaaactgactgatgctgcaatcaagaaaattgaagcggcgctggcagacaaagaagcAgaactgatgcagttctgatt

>ECK125137315_elaAp4_reverse_2381686_[ICWHO|W|Inferred computationally without human oversight]_Weak
gctgatgctgggtgccttcaccgcagtcaaacaaccaaagtccgctctgggtcggatgttGcaggttaagcaatattgccg

>ECK125136693_elfAp6_forward_997765_[ICWHO|W|Inferred computationally without human oversight]_Weak
tcgttcagttaatatttaaatattcatgaaatctataaattaaagatttgtcacttattgGatttagtatgcttgatttaa

>ECK125136696_elfDp1_forward_998321_[ICWHO|W|Inferred computationally without human oversight]_Weak
gccatcacgccagacacagaaaccgggaacattttgttgcaggatggagatcagacgttgActtttaaagttgattatatc

>ECK125137358_emrYp1_reverse_2482334_[ICWHO|W|Inferred computationally without human oversight]_Weak
gtttctcttgatccaaaagaactcatggaacaccccttgcgtattggtttatcgatgacaGcaactattgatacgaagaac

>ECK125137730_envRp11_reverse_3413487_[ICWHO|W|Inferred computationally without human oversight]_Weak
ataaatacacattaggtgatagattaaccttcgctattttctcactctgtgtcgaatataTttatttcctgaataattaat

>ECK125137732_envRp13_reverse_3413601_[ICWHO|W|Inferred computationally without human oversight]_Weak
gcagaattaaaacctcgtaaattgaaatatatattgatgtagtgaatgtatcttaggtaaAtaatatatattatttattta

>ECK125108721_eptBp_reverse_3710581_[TIM|S|Transcription initiation mapping]_Strong
tttgtgcttcatgcacactctttccccacactttttccctttgctgtggtctacttattcGcgcgtgtagattttacttat

>ECK120016711_essDp_forward_576873_[TIM|S|Transcription initiation mapping]_[AIPP|W|Automated inference of promoter position]_Strong
ttaattttttcatcgtgagccctttttttgaactattattaaaaaatgatgtcactgcgcGataaatattcatctaatcaa

>ECK125136709_etkp1_reverse_1044303_[ICWHO|W|Inferred computationally without human oversight]_Weak
caatgctgtttgggcaatggctggaacagaaagagatcccggatccctatcgtaaaagtcAggacgcatttgaacatgtct

>ECK125136494_fadMp1_forward_464360_[ICWHO|W|Inferred computationally without human oversight]_Weak
accctgtaattaatttgcatagtggcaattttttgccagactgaagaggtcataccagttAtgacctctgtacttataaca

>ECK125136532_fimZp3_reverse_564607_[ICWHO|W|Inferred computationally without human oversight]_Weak
tcaatggcttttgatctggttgctgaacaagtgaacgaccgcgtctgattttctgatttaTttcgctatagcggcaaacaa

>ECK120010508_fkpAp1_reverse_3477525_[IHBCE|W|Inferred by a human based on computational evidence]_[TIM|S|Transcription initiation mapping]_[AIPP|W|Automated inference of promoter position]_[RS-EPT-CBR|S|RNA-seq using two enrichment strategies for primary transcripts and consistent biological replicates]_Strong
gagacagcactcatttcgcggtcatcgaaactaatttaaacaaaaagagtctgaaaatagAtgataatagggcgtgtctgt

>ECK125136749_flgNp1_reverse_1129914_[ICWHO|W|Inferred computationally without human oversight]_Weak
aacccggcagcagtgatatcaatcttgaacgtgtcgaagcgttaaaactggcgattcgtaAcggtgaactaaaaatggaca

>ECK125138032_frdDp1_reverse_4379473_[ICWHO|W|Inferred computationally without human oversight]_Weak
tctgctgcacaccaaaacctggtttgaactggcaccgaaagcggccaatatcattgtaaaAgacgaaaaaatgggaccaga

>ECK125138033_frdDp2_reverse_4379433_[ICWHO|W|Inferred computationally without human oversight]_Weak
gcggccaatatcattgtaaaagacgaaaaaatgggaccagagccaattatcaaaagtctcTgggcggtaactgtggttgcc

>ECK125136387_frrp6_forward_192849_[ICWHO|W|Inferred computationally without human oversight]_Weak
gtttaatcagggctatacttagcacacttccactgtgtgtgactgtctggtctgactgagAcaagttttcaaggattcgta

>ECK120016720_ftnBp_forward_1986775_[TIM|S|Transcription initiation mapping]_[AIPP|W|Automated inference of promoter position]_Strong
atttcatcaatgaaatgtaaaaatatataaacttgatgatttaagcattttcttatacccGttcagacgttattcttattt

>ECK125137687_ftsHp1_reverse_3327102_[ICWHO|W|Inferred computationally without human oversight]_Weak
gcgaaggtttcgatgagtatctaagggaaattcgctccctgtttacgaaggtcaaagttcGtaagccggactcttctcgtg

>ECK125137594_ftsPp1_reverse_3162851_[ICWHO|W|Inferred computationally without human oversight]_Weak
ctgcacaacggtctggtgattgtcgaaatgctgccgccaattgacgtcagtcagtatggcAaagatcaggttcgtgagctg

>ECK125137792_ftsXp3_reverse_3602252_[ICWHO|W|Inferred computationally without human oversight]_Weak
gttggcattgcccgcgcggtggtgaacaagcccgcggtactgctggcggacgaaccgactGgtaacctggacgacgcgctg

>ECK125137046_fumDp6_reverse_1755209_[ICWHO|W|Inferred computationally without human oversight]_Weak
aatatatcatcgctcaattgctacagttaaaataatttatcgcgttatttgtctgattttGtttgatttttgtttaattgg

>ECK120010066_fusAp_reverse_3473685_[TIM|S|Transcription initiation mapping]_[AIPP|W|Automated inference of promoter position]_Strong
gataaatccatggctctgcgcctggcgaacgaactttctgatgctgcagaaaacaaaggtActgcagttaagaaacgtgaa

>ECK125136969_gadCp1_reverse_1570584_[ICWHO|W|Inferred computationally without human oversight]_Weak
taacgtttaacggtaacggtgtcccgaaacgaacccgtttcgggacaatttccaaagtctGttcactggcattagcaacgg

>ECK125136970_gadCp5_reverse_1570527_[ICWHO|W|Inferred computationally without human oversight]_Weak
tctgttcactggcattagcaacggaaaatattgttctgaatacgcttcagaacaaaacagGtgcggttccgacaggaatac

>ECK125136711_gfcAp1_reverse_1049834_[ICWHO|W|Inferred computationally without human oversight]_Weak
ccgttacgcaccaccccgtcagtagctgaacaggagggacagctgatagaaacagaagccActggagaacctcaaaaacac

>ECK125137779_glgXp3_reverse_3571419_[ICWHO|W|Inferred computationally without human oversight]_Weak
ggcgtgaaatcctcaataccgattccatgcactatcacggcagtaatgcaggcaatggcgGcacggtacacagcgatgaga

>ECK125137618_glnEp1_reverse_3199698_[ICWHO|W|Inferred computationally without human oversight]_Weak
acgctattgcgaccgggcaacgcatcgaaattgaacatttccgtaatgaggcaaacaatcAggaaccgttctggttgcaca

>ECK125138010_gltPp1_forward_4294378_[ICWHO|W|Inferred computationally without human oversight]_Weak
aagctctgttgttaaagggttgcgcaacataccgcgcaaatgatactgatcataagcgttAaaaaaatctacaaaccaacg

>ECK125138012_gltPp8_forward_4294268_[ICWHO|W|Inferred computationally without human oversight]_Weak
aatcactaatcagtattattgcagattaaacaaataaaaatctttccataacaaatggttAttcattaatcctgccataaa

>ECK125136380_gluQp1_reverse_160143_[ICWHO|W|Inferred computationally without human oversight]_Weak
gtgcatcgactgcaaaacgctggctgaaattcgcgaaaaacagatggctggctaattacaGccgttccatcacgtttacca

>ECK125137586_gprp1_forward_3147781_[ICWHO|W|Inferred computationally without human oversight]_Weak
ttggcggttaaacgcggcatcgttgcactcctcagttggtgtttttttaagcaaagcataAgcacgtatttttgcccagtt

>ECK125137873_gpsAp8_reverse_3783681_[ICWHO|W|Inferred computationally without human oversight]_Weak
ccggttaacttcgatgcgctgttcatgaactatttgcagcagcaggctggcgaaggtactGaagaacatcaggatgcctga

>ECK120016577_greAp2_reverse_3328853_[TIM|S|Transcription initiation mapping]_[AIPP|W|Automated inference of promoter position]_Strong
ccctataaagtaaacgatgacccttcgggaacttcagggtaaaatgactatcaaaatgtgAattgtagctgacctgggact

>ECK120016717_gspAp4_reverse_3455634_[TIM|S|Transcription initiation mapping]_[AIPP|W|Automated inference of promoter position]_Strong
atggaaataattcacattaaaaataatcgaccctatgcttataaatataatcaatatattGatggcagcatctttattatg

>ECK125137488_gudDp1_reverse_2919513_[ICWHO|W|Inferred computationally without human oversight]_Weak
cctgatgcgcccggtctgggcgtggaactggactgggaacaggtacaaaaggcacatgagGcctataaacgtctgcctggc

>ECK125137414_hcaTp1_reverse_2667863_[ICWHO|W|Inferred computationally without human oversight]_Weak
gctcgaatattcttatttttcaacttgcaccaacattcgattaaccccagactaacgcctCctgacgggagggactcatgg

>ECK120033255_hcpp2_reverse_914129_[TIM|S|Transcription initiation mapping]_[AIPP|W|Automated inference of promoter position]_Strong
cgcggcgttttttaatgatctggcccgtgaactgattgctattatgttgatccctgggctGattcgccgcagccgctctac

>ECK125136666_hcrp3_reverse_912200_[ICWHO|W|Inferred computationally without human oversight]_Weak
ttcctgacaccagacctgctggcggtgctgaacgagaaattcggcctgcgttctatcaccActgttgaagaagacatgaag

>ECK125137633_higAp8_reverse_3234341_[ICWHO|W|Inferred computationally without human oversight]_Weak
cataaaacggagttggtggctctggggaacacgattgctaagggatatttcaaaaaacctGagtcattaaaagcagtattc

>ECK120009992_hlpAp_forward_200455_[TIM|S|Transcription initiation mapping]_[HIPP|W|Human inference of promoter position]_Strong
cgatgactttaggcgatcaatataagatcgccgggccacgcaaagaactgcaccctccggTgcaaatgggatggtaaggag

>ECK125137848_hokAp6_reverse_3720810_[ICWHO|W|Inferred computationally without human oversight]_Weak
tcagcactaacgcctttaggtttgggaattaaacctttttctccatgtttttcatagaggGcaacccatgtcctgacctgg

>ECK120035105_hokEp_forward_607731_[AIPP|W|Automated inference of promoter position]_Weak
gaagggtaagataacggcgggtgcctgaagctttccggtttcaggtttactctgaggtctGgaaagatgaagccccaggag

>ECK125138102_hsdSp1_reverse_4581502_[ICWHO|W|Inferred computationally without human oversight]_Weak
cgctgtctgaactggatgcgctgatgcgtgaactgggggcgagcgatgaggccgatttgcAgcgtcagttgctggaagaag

>ECK125137532_hyuAp1_forward_3009919_[ICWHO|W|Inferred computationally without human oversight]_Weak
ggcccgggtaaagaacctgaagcgcatgcacctaacgaaaaaacctggaaatctcacctgGtgacctgtgccgcgatgtac

>ECK125137533_hyuAp6_forward_3009830_[ICWHO|W|Inferred computationally without human oversight]_Weak
ttggcaaagcgccggttgttgataagtggaccttctcaactaacggcgtatctatcatggGccgtcacggcattccggtga

>ECK125137477_iapp6_forward_2876544_[ICWHO|W|Inferred computationally without human oversight]_Weak
gatttcgggcgtttaggaagatttgaaattgttttagcgcagcggcagtttcatactatgGcggtaaaaaaatttgcatgg

>ECK125122036_ibaGp2_reverse_3336886_[HIPP|W|Human inference of promoter position]_[ICWHO|W|Inferred computationally without human oversight]_Weak
tatggcgttaaccgcctgtccggcaaacctgcctgcaagtcgagccttgtctgatttatcAgcgaggctttttgcttattt

>ECK120010013_impp3_reverse_57336_[TIM|S|Transcription initiation mapping]_[HIPP|W|Human inference of promoter position]_Strong
ggccacgccaatgatttttccccaatactgcatatattccccaaatcgacacacggatatCagggctatctcccacaatat

>ECK125136727_insFp4_reverse_1095196_[ICWHO|W|Inferred computationally without human oversight]_Weak
aacgtgaactggagatgtctaccgagattgcacgtctcaaacgccagctggcagaacgggAtgaagagctggctatcctcc

>ECK125136595_insHp3_reverse_689205_[ICWHO|W|Inferred computationally without human oversight]_Weak
acaatattctcctatccaactttggcacatctattgctttgttatacaaggcaaaccctgAaacagcatcagtacaaccta

>ECK125137849_insJp4_forward_3720594_[ICWHO|W|Inferred computationally without human oversight]_Weak
tccaggtgaaaaataaaagcgtgaaacaaatcactattaaagaaagtaatctatatttctGcggcattcccagcctcctgt

>ECK120015517_insKp_forward_3721065_[HIPP|W|Human inference of promoter position]_Weak
aagctggtttacgcgcgctcaagattggcaccaaaagaaacattgcaatatcagttgatcCagaaaaagcggcatcagcat

>ECK125136533_intDp6_reverse_566101_[ICWHO|W|Inferred computationally without human oversight]_Weak
catcgaaaaaatggacgaggcactggctgaaattggttttgtatttggggagcaatggcgAtgacgcatcctcacgataat

>ECK125136886_intRp4_reverse_1413260_[ICWHO|W|Inferred computationally without human oversight]_Weak
tctcctttaggtaagccagacagcaaacgagggattatctggtacaactatccaaagataAatcagtttatcaaagactca

>ECK125137383_intZp3_forward_2558693_[ICWHO|W|Inferred computationally without human oversight]_Weak
tccttaaactgatatacattgccgaacaatgtggtctttagtttcataagtcgttccctcAggaagaatcgatgattggca

>ECK125137410_iscAp6_reverse_2659962_[ICWHO|W|Inferred computationally without human oversight]_Weak
aacaccgatattgctgaagaacttgaactgccgccggtgaaaattcactgttctattctgGcagaagacgcgatcaaagcc

>ECK125137400_ispGp1_reverse_2641880_[ICWHO|W|Inferred computationally without human oversight]_Weak
ccgcagtacagatccagtatcaagggaaacctgtcgatctgagtcgttttatcagaactaAccaggttgcgcgtctgaccc

>ECK125137401_ispGp4_reverse_2641950_[ICWHO|W|Inferred computationally without human oversight]_Weak
atgcagcgtaaagacggtaatttgaacttaaccggccaggcaccgtacaaactgaaaattGgtgcgccagccgcagtacag

>ECK125137118_kdgRp1_reverse_1910253_[ICWHO|W|Inferred computationally without human oversight]_Weak
tggggcaatggcaggccgtcggcctgaacttttggcataggaattttatatctttggtgaAtaatcaacaggggtatgatt

>ECK125137119_kdgRp8_reverse_1910125_[ICWHO|W|Inferred computationally without human oversight]_Weak
caaaagatggattgcgaccaccctggtgcgaaattataataaaaaacagttctgatttttAtaaaacactcgcaatgaggt

>ECK125136818_ldcAp9_reverse_1243197_[ICWHO|W|Inferred computationally without human oversight]_Weak
cggcgggttcgtatagtcatgctttgatgaacaacccgctaataacacaatcaaaaaggcAaaccatctcaatttcacttc

>ECK125137422_lepBp1_reverse_2705464_[ICWHO|W|Inferred computationally without human oversight]_Weak
cgcacatcattgcgcgatccaccgtgaaacagctgcgtaaaaacgtactggctaaatgttAtggcggcgatatcagccgta

>ECK125136363_leuDp4_reverse_79594_[ICWHO|W|Inferred computationally without human oversight]_Weak
tgcctggctgctcaatgtgtctggcgatgaacaacgaccgtctgaatccgggcgaacgttGtgcctccaccagcaaccgta

>ECK125138110_lgoRp4_reverse_4595947_[ICWHO|W|Inferred computationally without human oversight]_Weak
aacattcatcgtagacatgattcggctctccactttttgttgccttagatatcaatgaaaAtgaaaaatggcagcggaacg

>ECK120016715_lhrp_forward_1728353_[TIM|S|Transcription initiation mapping]_[AIPP|W|Automated inference of promoter position]_Strong
caagtaatatttgtcataatgcgcgctgcaatttatccgtattaagagaatcagatgtccGataacgctcaacttaccggt

>ECK125136572_lipBp2_reverse_662401_[ICWHO|W|Inferred computationally without human oversight]_Weak
ctatcaacgccactcatatcgagcaggttgaaacactgtatgaagaactgggcaaaatcgAtattgtccgcatggttctgt

>ECK125136781_litp1_forward_1198516_[ICWHO|W|Inferred computationally without human oversight]_Weak
gaaatgatgaaatgatgaaatgatgaaatgatgaaatgatgaaatgatgacagagtgtccAgtgggcacggatggtgtctt

>ECK125136598_lntp4_reverse_690984_[ICWHO|W|Inferred computationally without human oversight]_Weak
tgggcatcttccggcgcgtggcgaaactatcgacatcgacggttaccagttcaaagtggcGatggccgacagtcggcgtat

>ECK125136408_lpcAp1_forward_243468_[ICWHO|W|Inferred computationally without human oversight]_Weak
gctcacattgttgctgtttttatccgcacttcaggtcaaaaagtcctggtcatagcacctGcccgtacttctcgcttttgg

>ECK120030206_lptAp1_forward_3343326_[IDA|S|Inferred from direct assay]_[HIPP|W|Human inference of promoter position]_[TIM|S|Transcription initiation mapping]_[IMP|W|Inferred from mutant phenotype]_Strong
cctctgaagacctcgtcacgttatacggaacaacatttaactccagcggtctgaaaatgcGcggcaacttacgcagcaaga

>ECK120016578_lptBp_forward_3343396_[TIM|S|Transcription initiation mapping]_[AIPP|W|Automated inference of promoter position]_Strong
acgcagcaagaacgccgagctgattgaaaaggttagaacatcctatgaaattcaaaacaaAcaaactcagccttaatcttg

>ECK120009997_lpxDp_forward_200960_[TIM|S|Transcription initiation mapping]_[HIPP|W|Human inference of promoter position]_Strong
acgccgttgcttacaacagcagcgatgtaaaagacatcactgccgacgtactgaaacaggTtaaataagtaatgccttcaa

>ECK120009962_lpxPp_forward_2495578_[TIM|S|Transcription initiation mapping]_[HIPP|W|Human inference of promoter position]_[AIPP|W|Automated inference of promoter position]_Strong
tgtcctgactagtctttacactctttacaggaaccattgtcgtacatgatggcccaaccaAttgagtgtaccgctgtcgac

>ECK120016707_malQp_reverse_3550399_[TIM|S|Transcription initiation mapping]_[AIPP|W|Automated inference of promoter position]_Strong
aaaatatctttatttttggtcataccgtggaacaagtgaaggcaattctggccaaaggctAcgacccggtgaaatggcgga

>ECK125136438_matAp1_reverse_311393_[ICWHO|W|Inferred computationally without human oversight]_Weak
gaaaataattaaacttaatctcgtttaacctttattgatatgtactacgtatcttatttaCttccggtttactaaggaaac

>ECK125136439_matAp5_reverse_311446_[ICWHO|W|Inferred computationally without human oversight]_Weak
ccgttcacatattgacactcatcgggaaaaaaaacataaatttaagcccaatcgaaaataAttaaacttaatctcgtttaa

>ECK125137487_mazGp4_reverse_2910860_[ICWHO|W|Inferred computationally without human oversight]_Weak
tatccgttcgaagttgttttatccggtcaggaacgtgatggcgtagcgttagctgatcagGtaaaaagtatcgcctggcgg

>ECK125136801_mcrAp10_forward_1210195_[ICWHO|W|Inferred computationally without human oversight]_Weak
gctggacgattaattgcagcaggaactcctcgccagaaggtggcgattatctatgatgttGgtgtgtcaactttgtataag

>ECK125136798_mcrAp7_forward_1210139_[ICWHO|W|Inferred computationally without human oversight]_Weak
cacagggacgaattggtggacgtcgtcccaaacttacaccagaacaatgggcacaagctgGacgattaattgcagcaggaa

>ECK125137606_mdaBp1_forward_3172423_[ICWHO|W|Inferred computationally without human oversight]_Weak
tggctatcagtattgtcattttcagaaaatatttatcctgcatcggtgagtcagagtaagAtcagacttttgctaaattcg

>ECK125137040_mdtKp10_forward_1743269_[ICWHO|W|Inferred computationally without human oversight]_Weak
gttttgcggtgccctgtacaatccccgtaaacatacttacaactcctgaaatcagttaagAcattctgttcagcacaatag

>ECK125138017_mdtPp6_reverse_4301236_[ICWHO|W|Inferred computationally without human oversight]_Weak
tggaactcggcgcaggcgctggataacgcactacagccggacagagcaggtcagtttgccGacgccctggagaaatacgct

>ECK125137261_mglCp6_reverse_2237959_[ICWHO|W|Inferred computationally without human oversight]_Weak
aaccagaaatattaatgctcgatgaaccgacgcgcggtattgatgtcggggcgaagtttgAaatttatcagttaattgccg

>ECK125137262_mglCp9_reverse_2237923_[ICWHO|W|Inferred computationally without human oversight]_Weak
gtattgatgtcggggcgaagtttgaaatttatcagttaattgccgaactggcgaagaaagGcaaggggattattattatct

>ECK120030785_micAp_forward_2814802_[HIPP|W|Human inference of promoter position]_[TIM|S|Transcription initiation mapping]_Strong
ctccggtaatttttttaaaaattttctgaactctttcttcccaggcgagtctgagtatatGaaagacgcgcatttgttatc

>ECK125165944_micLp_reverse_1958747_[TIM|S|Transcription initiation mapping]_[RS-EPT-CBR|S|RNA-seq using two enrichment strategies for primary transcripts and consistent biological replicates]_Strong
gcactgcaaggtttatcaaaaattatggaacttattgcccatcgtgatgctccaatcattAtggccggagcaggagtccgt

>ECK125136810_minEp3_reverse_1224711_[ICWHO|W|Inferred computationally without human oversight]_Weak
agatgtgctggagatcctgcgcatcaaactcgtcggcgtgatcccagaggatcaatcagtAttgcgcgcctctaaccaggg

>ECK125136417_mmuPp1_forward_275119_[ICWHO|W|Inferred computationally without human oversight]_Weak
gcgaaggtaagttgatgactcatgatgaaccctgttctatggctccagatgacaaacatgAtctcatatcagggacttgtt

>ECK125136418_mmuPp2_forward_275315_[ICWHO|W|Inferred computationally without human oversight]_Weak
attctgttaacaaacgcggtataacaaaccttctttggatgtttagatgtccatacgtttAgaaggttatatgcaaacaac

>ECK125136879_mppAp5_forward_1393054_[ICWHO|W|Inferred computationally without human oversight]_Weak
gattatgataccgaaaacgggtttgaacgtgcgaagcccgaacgtagtgttcggagttctAtgtgctttaccgcattttgg

>ECK125137291_mqop1_reverse_2306924_[ICWHO|W|Inferred computationally without human oversight]_Weak
ccggacggcataatattacgacgctgacctggcggactgctgccgtcaggtcaatatgctAaaaatcccttcatttctaat

>ECK125137244_mrpp2_reverse_2194175_[ICWHO|W|Inferred computationally without human oversight]_Weak
agtacttctctatattcttcaggtaaactatcagctgatggtttatctatacaaaaaaggAgtcgggatgaacgaacaatc

>ECK125137188_mtfAp1_forward_2043618_[ICWHO|W|Inferred computationally without human oversight]_Weak
gttcagatggttgccatgatgccaggaaatttggcattttaacagtccctgtccgtgcaaTtttgttcaagtgacgagttt

>ECK125137500_mutHp5_forward_2969582_[ICWHO|W|Inferred computationally without human oversight]_Weak
gttgcagtgttgcgcaactcgattaccggcaacctaaaaagcaatataaatcagagaattGaacaacgcatgtggaaaaag

>ECK125138090_nanSp1_reverse_4537703_[ICWHO|W|Inferred computationally without human oversight]_Weak
aataatagtctattgattattggcggtgaaactgcaggcggcaaagcggtgacggattcaGttttgatcactgtgaaggat

>ECK120016713_narWp_reverse_1538687_[TIM|S|Transcription initiation mapping]_[AIPP|W|Automated inference of promoter position]_Strong
tggagtacgcatggtttaacaacgtcgaaaccaaaccgggcattggttatccgaaaaactGggaagatcaggaagagtggc

>ECK125136957_nhoAp2_forward_1533963_[ICWHO|W|Inferred computationally without human oversight]_Weak
gtaacgaaattaacgggattggcgatttgcgaacgtgatgcatgtccgcgatcgcacaaaAtagccggtgcggcgtctatt

>ECK125137061_nlpCp3_reverse_1792827_[ICWHO|W|Inferred computationally without human oversight]_Weak
aaatctggcgcaggcctatgggatgaattttcgccgtctggatatcgaaggtcacagaatGctgatttcgaccatctgatt

>ECK125137758_nudEp1_reverse_3526186_[ICWHO|W|Inferred computationally without human oversight]_Weak
attaagttacataaatgtaaataacatgcaattcacattgccgaaagcgtgtccgatatcGcacaataaccgctgatttca

>ECK125137080_nudGp3_forward_1841438_[ICWHO|W|Inferred computationally without human oversight]_Weak
cggggatgaagatggcggtctagcacaggcactccttaaatataaagcctttctgattgaGcaacagtgcggatattatgg

>ECK125136930_opgDp4_forward_1496645_[ICWHO|W|Inferred computationally without human oversight]_Weak
accaggaagcggaagaacgcagtaaacgtcgctgtggtttgctttaaaatctgaccatccGcctttgcaaaaatttgcctg

>ECK120009991_opgGp2_forward_1109257_[IDA|S|Inferred from direct assay]_[TIM|S|Transcription initiation mapping]_[HIPP|W|Human inference of promoter position]_Strong
tgcttaatccatgagccagcgtgctgaacgataccgggattctgttgtcggaatggctggTtatccattaaaatagatcgg

>ECK125137359_oxcp10_reverse_2492130_[ICWHO|W|Inferred computationally without human oversight]_Weak
tgttgttgaagtggaacaaccgttgcgtggaaaatatctgaccgttggttgtccaatgaaAttctctgcctttacgccgga

>ECK125136755_pabCp1_forward_1153293_[ICWHO|W|Inferred computationally without human oversight]_Weak
cttttattccgacttgttccgtagtgaacatgctgccacactaacaattctctgataaggAgccggtatgttcttaattaa

>ECK125136756_pabCp5_forward_1153194_[ICWHO|W|Inferred computationally without human oversight]_Weak
tcggcttcggtggcactaatggttctttgatctttaaaaagatctaagttgtcattttccAcccttataaaaggtccgctt

>ECK125136373_panCp2_reverse_148920_[ICWHO|W|Inferred computationally without human oversight]_Weak
actgacgggcagatcctcgtgatgcacgacgcctttggtattaccggcggtcacattcctAaattcgctaaaaatttcctc

>ECK125137790_panZp1_forward_3597828_[ICWHO|W|Inferred computationally without human oversight]_Weak
gtgcctttgtcagcataaaataacggcacaaagggcggaataattcactatcattcagggGattatgctggacatttttca

>ECK125136944_patDp3_forward_1515415_[ICWHO|W|Inferred computationally without human oversight]_Weak
tgccttgtcgttcgatgaaatcatcgttacgacctttacggcaggtcatgaacgaacgttAccgttgtggttgctcaatca

>ECK125136945_patDp4_forward_1515440_[ICWHO|W|Inferred computationally without human oversight]_Weak
gttacgacctttacggcaggtcatgaacgaacgttaccgttgtggttgctcaatcagcttGggcgaccgcgtgatgtaccg

>ECK125136860_pgpBp5_forward_1339193_[ICWHO|W|Inferred computationally without human oversight]_Weak
tggcttctgccacacgtttaagctgcatgaaattctccagataatgctggttctgtattgGcttattttgccataacgaga

>ECK125136776_phoQp5_reverse_1189940_[ICWHO|W|Inferred computationally without human oversight]_Weak
ctgaccgcgttcgaatacactattatggaaacgttgatacgcaataatggcaaagtggtcAgcaaagattcgttaatgctc

>ECK125136991_pinQp1_forward_1633584_[ICWHO|W|Inferred computationally without human oversight]_Weak
attttcgaacgtgtacatacaaatatgcacaaaaataatcataattattttctgagatgcAttatgatatgaacaccaatt

>ECK120016710_plsBp_reverse_4256598_[TIM|S|Transcription initiation mapping]_[AIPP|W|Automated inference of promoter position]_[IEP|W|Inferred from expression pattern]_Strong
atccagtggtattattggccattgaaagaacctttttacattatgagcgtcaatatcagtGtaccgttaaatccgatgatt

>ECK125137623_plsYp5_forward_3204533_[ICWHO|W|Inferred computationally without human oversight]_Weak
acggttatcccacgccatttcgatatcgaacactaacttctgttcgatggtctgttcccaGtcgtaaacaccaatagtggt

>ECK125136600_potEp1_reverse_718344_[ICWHO|W|Inferred computationally without human oversight]_Weak
aagggatcaacctgctgccaggttttgcaccggagctgcagggtgtctatatcgaagaacAtgatggtcgtaagcaagttt

>ECK125137567_pppAp3_reverse_3114479_[ICWHO|W|Inferred computationally without human oversight]_Weak
cggataaggcgctcgcgccgcatccggcatgaaataaggcgcaccgggttaacacatttgCccgatgcgcctgcttatcgg

>ECK125137057_ppsRp1_forward_1787339_[ICWHO|W|Inferred computationally without human oversight]_Weak
ttccacataaaccatcggtataaacgaaaccataaaaatgaaatgctgttttcataaaaaAtaaaattgaaggttcatttt

>ECK125136956_pptAp7_forward_1532858_[ICWHO|W|Inferred computationally without human oversight]_Weak
atgcagcagaattattttcagggatacggcacattgctattaatattttgacgaatgataAggtattcaaggcagggttaa

>ECK120009965_psdp_reverse_4390638_[TIM|S|Transcription initiation mapping]_[AIPP|W|Automated inference of promoter position]_Strong
gtgagttcggcctctggcacctggagccggaacaaatcactcagggctttgtcgaattccAtgactatttaggtctgtgta

>ECK125137271_psuGp4_reverse_2258557_[ICWHO|W|Inferred computationally without human oversight]_Weak
acggcgtttattacagcgatatcagcggtgaaagtggctggtctgcgccgatcaaaaccaAtgttattaatgttaccggag

>ECK125137270_psuTp2_reverse_2257496_[ICWHO|W|Inferred computationally without human oversight]_Weak
cattcctgctggcgcgcgttgctgaactgaccggcggtgacagcctgaaatccaacatccAgctggtgttcaacaacgcca

>ECK125136887_racCp4_reverse_1417811_[ICWHO|W|Inferred computationally without human oversight]_Weak
tgccgaaaaagaccagatggcacatgaactttaattaattgactattcgaaactgaatttAtgccagaaatggcaggtatt

>ECK125137239_rcnBp_forward_2186884_[ICWHO|W|Inferred computationally without human oversight]_Weak
ggatgcttttagggcatcctttcatttacactttttacgaaatcatgggatcactaacaaAatatcgcttgtcagttatat

>ECK125137295_rcsCp4_reverse_2320081_[ICWHO|W|Inferred computationally without human oversight]_Weak
ataaccaatagtaagcgttgggacaatgaccatcaggattgccatcaggatcatttgattGcgtaagcggcgtggataaat

>ECK125137929_recQp1_forward_4005858_[ICWHO|W|Inferred computationally without human oversight]_Weak
cattgcagtttctcgcgcaggcgctgaaaatagcgcctgtttttatttcaggcaatcgggGtgaatgtggcgcaggcggaa

>ECK125136999_remp1_reverse_1644972_[ICWHO|W|Inferred computationally without human oversight]_Weak
tttgtttttattttcaacgcgtttgaagttctggacggtgccggaatagaatcaaaaataCttaagtagcgcgcagggata

>ECK120009996_rfaDp4_forward_3793970_[TIM|S|Transcription initiation mapping]_[HIPP|W|Human inference of promoter position]_Strong
gattcggatgtgatggtatgattacagacattcgtgtctgagattgtctctgactccataAttcgaaggttacagttatga

>ECK125137813_rhsBp12_forward_3619097_[ICWHO|W|Inferred computationally without human oversight]_Weak
acacctgattcctctctaaataccctatccgaaccttctcttttgtaacgttctaaatatAttcctaaaaatcttcaattc

>ECK125137808_rhsBp3_forward_3619074_[ICWHO|W|Inferred computationally without human oversight]_Weak
acgatcaacaaagggccactagcacacctgattcctctctaaataccctatccgaaccttCtcttttgtaacgttctaaat

>ECK125137810_rhsBp9_forward_3619044_[ICWHO|W|Inferred computationally without human oversight]_Weak
gattgagtctattattgggtcctttggtgaacgatcaacaaagggccactagcacacctgAttcctctctaaataccctat

>ECK125136594_rihAp3_reverse_684602_[ICWHO|W|Inferred computationally without human oversight]_Weak
tgcccgtaaagtggcgaatcgggtgatctttatggacgagggtaaaattgtcgaagactcGccgaaagacgctttcttcga

>ECK125136641_rlmFp1_forward_842192_[ICWHO|W|Inferred computationally without human oversight]_Weak
attgacagagatgtgcttattttttgaacgatatatttttacaaaataagacaaatcaatGacatgcataatgctgatttt

>ECK125137634_rlmGp4_reverse_3235892_[ICWHO|W|Inferred computationally without human oversight]_Weak
cacgaaaaagagaaaaagggtatactcacgcacccttttcaggggcaatgtcgaaattttAtcattcaggagggccgatga

>ECK125136361_rluAp1_reverse_60450_[ICWHO|W|Inferred computationally without human oversight]_Weak
tctcgtctggaagctctgcgtgcagtgaacccgaacattcgtgacgacgaactgaccgccAttgagagcaaccgtcagcag

>ECK125137995_rluFp1_forward_4230309_[ICWHO|W|Inferred computationally without human oversight]_Weak
gagcaggtaacgaattcaagccaatggaaataacaaatagttcgctcatgactattttttAtcaacccaaaggtacggtat

>ECK120016716_rnlBp_forward_2766707_[TIM|S|Transcription initiation mapping]_[AIPP|W|Automated inference of promoter position]_[RS-EPT-CBR|S|RNA-seq using two enrichment strategies for primary transcripts and consistent biological replicates]_Strong
cctgactactgtatgttactttatcctgaactacgcaccattgaaggtgtcttaaaaagtAagatgagtgggttaggcatg

>ECK125137440_rplSp1_reverse_2744642_[ICWHO|W|Inferred computationally without human oversight]_Weak
tgggccgtacctggcttagaagacctgaacttctggaaaacctggctctgactgaagagcAagcaaggttgctggcggagt

>ECK120033261_rpoDp4_forward_3212693_[TIM|S|Transcription initiation mapping]_[AIPP|W|Automated inference of promoter position]_Strong
tacaaataatgctgccacccttgaaaaactgtcgatgtgggacgatatagcagataagaaTattgctgagcaaaccttcac

>ECK120010579_rpoEp2a_reverse_2710087_[TIM|S|Transcription initiation mapping]_[HIPP|W|Human inference of promoter position]_Strong
tgacaaacaaaaacagatgcgttacggaactttacaaaaacgagacactctaaccctttgCttgctcaaattgcagctaat

>ECK120010515_rpoHp3_reverse_3600870_[HIPP|W|Human inference of promoter position]_[TIM|S|Transcription initiation mapping]_[AIPP|W|Automated inference of promoter position]_[RS-EPT-CBR|S|RNA-seq using two enrichment strategies for primary transcripts and consistent biological replicates]_Strong
tgcgtaatttattcacaagcttgcattgaacttgtggataaaatcacggtctgataaaacAgtgaatgataacctcgttgc

>ECK120010580_rseAp3_reverse_2709632_[TIM|S|Transcription initiation mapping]_[AIPP|W|Automated inference of promoter position]_Strong
aagtggcggcgcgttgaaagaaatttcgaaccctgagaacttaatgttgtcagaagaactGagacagatagttttccgaac

>ECK120010009_rsePp_forward_196470_[TIM|S|Transcription initiation mapping]_[HIPP|W|Human inference of promoter position]_Strong
caggaattaaggacagcggtcatttaattccaggacacggtggtattttagatcgtattgAtagcctgacggctgcggtac

>ECK125137794_rsmDp1_forward_3604352_[ICWHO|W|Inferred computationally without human oversight]_Weak
tgtacatagcagctaaaaaaatgatgaaatagtctatcacttaacttaattcacatcaccGcctgcaagtatgtgttatct

>ECK125137554_rsmEp1_forward_3091018_[ICWHO|W|Inferred computationally without human oversight]_Weak
taccgactgggagtgcgagcgcgatgaacgcatcgcgaaggtgcagggcaatcataacccGtatgtgcaacgcgcttgcca

>ECK125137775_rtcAp1_reverse_3556880_[ICWHO|W|Inferred computationally without human oversight]_Weak
taaagatattgatgcggtgatggcggcacaaagcgatctggtggaagttatctataccctGcgtcaggtggtgtgcgtaaa

>ECK125137776_rtcAp2_reverse_3557002_[ICWHO|W|Inferred computationally without human oversight]_Weak
gggcgggtaatgagccgaactaaagcgaaaaaactgttcagcgtggaagatcaaattcgtGccaccgcgcatgtggaatgc

>ECK125136724_rutGp2_reverse_1070045_[ICWHO|W|Inferred computationally without human oversight]_Weak
ctttttggcggcaaaacgcccatggaacaccgctttgccgccgcccgctggcagacggggGtgaccggatgcccgcaactg

>ECK120016712_rutRp_forward_1074134_[TIM|S|Transcription initiation mapping]_[AIPP|W|Automated inference of promoter position]_Strong
ttattaatctgttaacattacgttatctaaaatatctggtaaaaagtggactaaacggtcAaaacagttgcacataaaaca

>ECK120030786_rybBp_reverse_888057_[IDA|S|Inferred from direct assay]_[HIPP|W|Human inference of promoter position]_[TIM|S|Transcription initiation mapping]_[RS-EPT-CBR|S|RNA-seq using two enrichment strategies for primary transcripts and consistent biological replicates]_Strong
aaaatgaaatttttttgcacaaccgcagaacttttccgcagggcatcagtcttaattagtGccactgcttttctttgatgt

>ECK125136979_sadp5_reverse_1614799_[ICWHO|W|Inferred computationally without human oversight]_Weak
gttatgctgccagcttcggcaaccgcgttgaacatctccagttgggtcagatccatagcaTtctcgattcgtgaataagtg

>ECK125136869_sapFp5_reverse_1352657_[ICWHO|W|Inferred computationally without human oversight]_Weak
atgcattgtgacgccacgtttgacgggggcgaaaaatcatctctatgcctgtcatttcccGctgaacatggagaaagagtg

>ECK125136484_sbcCp2_reverse_415847_[ICWHO|W|Inferred computationally without human oversight]_Weak
tagccagccaacagcgtgaaaccctcagcgaactcagcgtcgaagaggtgttcaatcgccGtctggcactggaagaactgg

>ECK120009967_sbmAp_forward_396553_[TIM|S|Transcription initiation mapping]_[HIPP|W|Human inference of promoter position]_[AIPP|W|Automated inference of promoter position]_Strong
tcgaaacaattcttatggtcaggctggcgaactaagcgccttgctatgggtcacaatgggCggtttcatttggctgacgct

>ECK125137892_setCp14_forward_3836744_[ICWHO|W|Inferred computationally without human oversight]_Weak
agattaatttgttcatttaatatatcaaatcaacttgttttatttttactatcaaaaataGctcattgccttactataatt

>ECK120009971_sixAp_reverse_2456999_[IDA|S|Inferred from direct assay]_[TIM|S|Transcription initiation mapping]_[AIPP|W|Automated inference of promoter position]_Strong
cgtggggaaagtttttggaaaacaactgcaactgacctgcaataagaaggtcaaagctatAtgaatccgcgctgaatggcg

>ECK125136883_smrAp1_forward_1405936_[ICWHO|W|Inferred computationally without human oversight]_Weak
atcggcaatatttggaacttattactggaaatttgggtaatacgttgttggaccgacccgGtctggttatcatatcgcgct

>ECK125138052_tamAp1_forward_4442270_[ICWHO|W|Inferred computationally without human oversight]_Weak
taaggttgtaacaagaggcgtatttgcacacaataaccaccgtgaataggtctaaagtaaAacataagaaatatttggggt

>ECK125137663_tdcRp8_forward_3267254_[ICWHO|W|Inferred computationally without human oversight]_Weak
ttaaatatcaacaagttaaagtataaaaatcagcataaaccctgatttttgtcaaaaaaaAtgacggggataaccatattt

>ECK125136837_tdkp1_forward_1293516_[ICWHO|W|Inferred computationally without human oversight]_Weak
gagctgaaaaactgacgaattatgataaactccagccaactttatttcatatcattgaggGcctgtggctgatggcacagc

>ECK125136794_tfaEp1_reverse_1209266_[ICWHO|W|Inferred computationally without human oversight]_Weak
tgcaacgattaatttctattttgatgaaatatgggtaaatagtggcactgacattatcaaAagaggaaacacaaacgatgc

>ECK125136795_tfaEp6_reverse_1209189_[ICWHO|W|Inferred computationally without human oversight]_Weak
atgccggattaccagccccggattatggaacctttaaaacatataaacaatcagtggatgGtttaggtgccgcagcctcag

>ECK125137238_thiDp3_reverse_2184673_[ICWHO|W|Inferred computationally without human oversight]_Weak
atccgttaatgaccaaagtggtaggaactggctgtgcattatcggcggttgtcgctgcctGctgtgcgttaccaggcgata

>ECK125137499_thyAp2_reverse_2965348_[ICWHO|W|Inferred computationally without human oversight]_Weak
gtttattatcctcaacctgtatattcgtaaaccacgcccaatgggagctgtctcaggtttGttcctgattggttacggcgc

>ECK125136721_torTp1_forward_1056220_[ICWHO|W|Inferred computationally without human oversight]_Weak
gggtcagggttaaattcacggtcggtgcactttaggtgaaaaaggttgagtcgcaaagcgGaatgcatctagcataaagcc

>ECK125137789_ugpQp1_reverse_3588300_[ICWHO|W|Inferred computationally without human oversight]_Weak
gtaaaatgactctcggcattcgcccggaacatattgcgctaagctcgcaggcagaaggcgGcgtaccgatggtgatggaca

>ECK125138039_ulaRp5_reverse_4418562_[ICWHO|W|Inferred computationally without human oversight]_Weak
cgcgcggtttcgatgattgcttcactattgaaccggatctgccgttcaagtcattcctgtAatctgtcgtttataccgggt

>ECK125137882_waaUp9_reverse_3799398_[ICWHO|W|Inferred computationally without human oversight]_Weak
tcttacgatgtaattccatttattaaacttcaagacatcagtgcagaagaatcaaaagatAtgacaagaaaaaaaatgcaa

>ECK125137213_wbbKp4_reverse_2104606_[ICWHO|W|Inferred computationally without human oversight]_Weak
ggttgggtgagaatgtgacggttttgcctggaacaattattggtaatggagtcgtagtcgGcgccaattctgttgttagag

>ECK125137222_wcaMp1_reverse_2115934_[ICWHO|W|Inferred computationally without human oversight]_Weak
cgtcaaacgcgcgcgcgaaaaagttgaacacgattttaaccagcaggtgatcaatcgagaActcgccagcttgctgcaggc

>ECK120033256_wzap2_reverse_2137193_[TIM|S|Transcription initiation mapping]_[AIPP|W|Automated inference of promoter position]_Strong
taaataaacaatgatgaaatccaaaatgaaattgatgccattattggtgtcagtaaccttGataagcggttgcacagtact

>ECK125137888_xanPp5_forward_3828821_[ICWHO|W|Inferred computationally without human oversight]_Weak
ttcctgggtcaaattctcagctgttaatgaacaaatggcatggattttaagcagaaaaatAccaaaagttatataaaaaag

>ECK125137997_xylEp1_reverse_4242270_[ICWHO|W|Inferred computationally without human oversight]_Weak
ataattgccttaactgcctgacaattccaacatcaatgcactgataaaagatcagaatggTctaaggcaggtctgaatgaa

>ECK125136345_yaaAp3_reverse_6587_[ICWHO|W|Inferred computationally without human oversight]_Weak
ccagtgattatctacgccagcgtaaactcggcgtgcgcccggtgtttgatccattgcgttAtccggatatcggtcgccagc

>ECK125136366_yacHp3_reverse_131307_[ICWHO|W|Inferred computationally without human oversight]_Weak
aatcccaagattagtcaaaatttaaactaccgcctctttatactcggattcacagcacctGcgggtggcagttcgccgacc

>ECK125136368_yadEp3_forward_144965_[ICWHO|W|Inferred computationally without human oversight]_Weak
cagagtttcgcgagcgtattgtcgaactgggtgcgccggaggtgagtagtctttggcaccAacaacaaaaaaatccgcctt

>ECK125136377_yadNp1_reverse_156984_[ICWHO|W|Inferred computationally without human oversight]_Weak
tctaaagtgcacaataggcgacctaatgaacaatggttgtaaatttgggtaacaaatatcAttgctcattaatatctaaca

>ECK125136385_yadSp7_reverse_177757_[ICWHO|W|Inferred computationally without human oversight]_Weak
ggcggaccggaccaaattcctaaaatcaaacaatactggggtgaacagctcaaaattcccGttattcctctcacgagtgac

>ECK125136397_yaeFp1_reverse_217135_[ICWHO|W|Inferred computationally without human oversight]_Weak
tattccgcacactattgtgctgggcgaccgtaacctcgacaacgacgatatcgaatataaAtatcgtcgcaacggcgagaa

>ECK125136395_yaeQp3_forward_214088_[ICWHO|W|Inferred computationally without human oversight]_Weak
actttcaaaacgcagcccagcgcgtccggaacgtatcctaagtctccgctggcgatttccGcgtaccgcttgcgtattaac

>ECK125136462_yahMp5_forward_345336_[ICWHO|W|Inferred computationally without human oversight]_Weak
atcttacgcatcgcactcaagcctgacagaaaatatgctgtaaggctcatatcaaaaaccGccattagctcatcaggaaga

>ECK125136482_yaiIp7_forward_405698_[ICWHO|W|Inferred computationally without human oversight]_Weak
tttccattgcctcactcctgccgtgaaattcattgttttgataatcgctggcagaagcatAaacagaactatgccggaagg

>ECK125136467_yaiOp6_reverse_380850_[ICWHO|W|Inferred computationally without human oversight]_Weak
tgtagaacgtaatttacctaccggaacttattcactccgacaagaacttatccgtacaggAgattaaaatgataaaacgga

>ECK125136468_yaiPp5_reverse_383985_[ICWHO|W|Inferred computationally without human oversight]_Weak
atatgcgtcatgatcgcctgcgtgcagttgcacaatttcgcggacaacaggtcaatagcgAtctgggtgaaggctttgtaa

>ECK125136471_yaiSp13_reverse_384738_[ICWHO|W|Inferred computationally without human oversight]_Weak
acacttaacatatgaattgcatagaaacattacccagtcgaacccacgggtctgaaagccCttgcttttcagttattagca

>ECK125136487_yajIp6_reverse_433034_[ICWHO|W|Inferred computationally without human oversight]_Weak
acactgccgacggcggcgtacggatgaaccctcgcccacgagacgagagtcaattaccttAgtgtccacggcgaaacagaa

>ECK120009963_ybaBp_forward_493709_[TIM|S|Transcription initiation mapping]_[AIPP|W|Automated inference of promoter position]_Strong
cgcgacccgtgggcggcacaggtgagccaactttcgctaccaaaactggtcgaacaggtgGcgttaaatgcctggaaagag

>ECK125136501_ybaNp1_forward_490718_[ICWHO|W|Inferred computationally without human oversight]_Weak
tcgtcgagacaagcctgtagtgttgtcgcacgagtctgaaaaagatgcctgtcgaaacgaGcacttagcgtggcgaactgt

>ECK125136512_ybaPp6_reverse_508284_[ICWHO|W|Inferred computationally without human oversight]_Weak
cactgacgctattacgatgaacatgcagcaactctgctaactcattgattttcaaatcgaGcggttccagatattcataga

>ECK125136545_ybcHp4_reverse_588070_[ICWHO|W|Inferred computationally without human oversight]_Weak
gctggaatatctggaccggcgagacgcactacgacgcctggccgcacaaagtcagtctcgGcgtcgagtatcaacatacct

>ECK125136543_ybcWp4_forward_579805_[ICWHO|W|Inferred computationally without human oversight]_Weak
gcggtcctgctggcattctggagggaaatacaaccgacagatgtatgtaaggccaacgtgCtcaaaccttcatacagaaag

>ECK125136555_ybdDp2_forward_631991_[ICWHO|W|Inferred computationally without human oversight]_Weak
gaaacgccgtatgaaccaatgccggaaaatgtcgaggagatcgtggcgcaggcaaaaggcGcacactaaagtcagagtgag

>ECK125136546_ybdFp5_reverse_606053_[ICWHO|W|Inferred computationally without human oversight]_Weak
actggggctggcgctggcacaaaaactggtgaccatgttccatctgatggatcttagtcaGctttacactttattgttttg

>ECK125136556_ybdHp6_reverse_633517_[ICWHO|W|Inferred computationally without human oversight]_Weak
tacctgacgaagttgcgtgttgaaggcactataacacgatgctagtatttggcaatcaagAcgtttagatgtctaaataaa

>ECK125136551_ybdKp3_reverse_607561_[ICWHO|W|Inferred computationally without human oversight]_Weak
tcactcctcatttaatcaactgaagctgaacccgtttttttctgcatgactcaatcgtcaAaattcttcgccaccagtcag

>ECK125136559_ybdMp2_reverse_635555_[ICWHO|W|Inferred computationally without human oversight]_Weak
aaaacagctgagcattaccgcaataaaatcgccatttatttgcactggtatcagaaaaaaGgcatcgaggttccacaaacc

>ECK125136580_ybeQp1_reverse_676706_[ICWHO|W|Inferred computationally without human oversight]_Weak
cgtatttccatcggagtggaaagtgcaaacaatattttttgcgactccatgtccatataaTttatccttaaatattcatta

>ECK125136588_ybeRp7_forward_676560_[ICWHO|W|Inferred computationally without human oversight]_Weak
aatctcatctattgataaattatcgcagcaacttgacgtgaaaatcattatcatttccttAtggttgcagataaaacatat

>ECK125136602_ybfAp7_forward_729037_[ICWHO|W|Inferred computationally without human oversight]_Weak
ttaattacaggatgaatgtaaataaaccatcaataagcaaaaataagtggtcggatgagtAgtaaaattacacaaaaggcg

>ECK125136599_ybfFp1_reverse_712846_[ICWHO|W|Inferred computationally without human oversight]_Weak
ctggcttgcagaaaaactcggaataaaccttatttgttgcagccctgtggcacaatggtcAacataataccctaacccgac

>ECK120016584_ybfHp_reverse_716641_[TIM|S|Transcription initiation mapping]_[AIPP|W|Automated inference of promoter position]_Strong
ataaagtcattttttattcaaatataaggaacttaatatttaaaaaatgttccatacaatTcctcatcataaatgacaccg

>ECK125136610_ybgDp9_reverse_752958_[ICWHO|W|Inferred computationally without human oversight]_Weak
ttaaaaacttcatggtagtcgcatttataaccctatgaaaatgacgtctatctataccccCctatattttattcatcatac

>ECK125136609_ybgOp4_reverse_749182_[ICWHO|W|Inferred computationally without human oversight]_Weak
gtcagccagcagggcaaccaactgacactgaaaaatcctaccgcgtattatctgaccattGcctatctggggagaaatgaa

>ECK125136619_ybgSp1_reverse_785339_[ICWHO|W|Inferred computationally without human oversight]_Weak
cttaaaccaatgccttatattcacctgcaaatgcactgttggaagaggttatccgacataAcgaccataacaggagcatcc

>ECK125136620_ybgSp2_reverse_785459_[ICWHO|W|Inferred computationally without human oversight]_Weak
agcaagaaaaacgccagattgtcgcgaaaaacgagatctctcctacaatttctaactgtaActcctttgtttgttaattat

>ECK125136631_ybhHp8_forward_800552_[ICWHO|W|Inferred computationally without human oversight]_Weak
attgagtaatttagcggcattgttaaacgaactggactctgccagtatgacaaatgccttCatacttgataattcatgctt

>ECK125136651_ybiUp5_reverse_859100_[ICWHO|W|Inferred computationally without human oversight]_Weak
catcacatcaaatcattaaacttgcattaacttatttataacttatattgtcacatgcaaAtcagaatggtttcgaatgaa

>ECK125136667_ybjEp3_reverse_914901_[ICWHO|W|Inferred computationally without human oversight]_Weak
cttatgcataacatttccttttaattgcaactttactcgtccttccgctttcagtagtgtGtcatcgcgcatttcgacttc

>ECK125136663_ybjOp4_forward_897852_[ICWHO|W|Inferred computationally without human oversight]_Weak
ggggtgaatccggaaatcaacgccctggcaacattgatcctcggcgcggtcggaattgtcGgatttatcgcctggtatctg

>ECK125136675_ycaDp1_forward_945719_[ICWHO|W|Inferred computationally without human oversight]_Weak
aaatttttcgactgaacgaagcgtatgaaatttgtgttagttcaataaaaacaatcagatGagactaatcatctcttcagc

>ECK125136685_ycaLp1_forward_960132_[ICWHO|W|Inferred computationally without human oversight]_Weak
gcgcggattagccaggcagcctgaatgaacaacgggcaataaatagccaaatctttctttAtcaaaacgtcggcacattgt

>ECK125136708_yccXp7_forward_1029994_[ICWHO|W|Inferred computationally without human oversight]_Weak
ttcgcgccctttggctaacactaaacgtacactcataatttacttttctgtcgatgcaaaGaaatgggcgtcattgtccgg

>ECK125136729_ycdUp1_forward_1095693_[ICWHO|W|Inferred computationally without human oversight]_Weak
aattatcaaagaaaatctctcattacacttaactcatacggtgaaatggactgaatctctCgatacatttctgaatatgcc

>ECK125136730_ycdUp9_forward_1095633_[ICWHO|W|Inferred computationally without human oversight]_Weak
cgcttcgccagagcatcaggttctgatgaacgtaacagcaaaaagcgaggtcgctccgtcAattatcaaagaaaatctctc

>ECK125136754_yceFp9_reverse_1146749_[ICWHO|W|Inferred computationally without human oversight]_Weak
attttaccttttgcatagggcgcgcatattaactttgtaacgtcatagagtcaaagaaaaAggcagcctgtggttgccttt

>ECK125136746_yceHp2_forward_1126081_[ICWHO|W|Inferred computationally without human oversight]_Weak
gatttactggcgcgactgggttttgaaaaagaaggctatgcgaaagactatctgttgattGatggacaatggcgcgatcac

>ECK125136748_yceMp4_forward_1126604_[ICWHO|W|Inferred computationally without human oversight]_Weak
atggcggaagtggagtcgacgctggaacaactggcaaatcgcgaagatggtccttttgtgGtgcgtctggcccgcgaaccg

>ECK125136741_yceOp1_reverse_1119511_[ICWHO|W|Inferred computationally without human oversight]_Weak
gttttaaatttgcgtcagttttaggggaaatagctgccgattttgcgcaagacaaaaaaaGcgattttgatttgacgccat

>ECK125136742_yceOp7_reverse_1119632_[ICWHO|W|Inferred computationally without human oversight]_Weak
atcggttgctgcctgtacggcgctgcctgcacctatgataattcgcctgacgaagattttAttatcgataccctacccggc

>ECK125136766_ycfTp11_reverse_1175329_[ICWHO|W|Inferred computationally without human oversight]_Weak
ataagcgaaagcaagatgggtaaacgtctgaactgtaagtgatcgtcagggctaatctgaAaagcccccgtaaatcaatcg

>ECK125136822_ycgYp1_forward_1245083_[ICWHO|W|Inferred computationally without human oversight]_Weak
gctttcacatcagaacgtatactcgacacctgctttacgggtgaaaaaaatcaatatagcActtcgatatccgataaagtc

>ECK125136823_ycgYp6_forward_1245101_[ICWHO|W|Inferred computationally without human oversight]_Weak
atactcgacacctgctttacgggtgaaaaaaatcaatatagcacttcgatatccgataaaGtcggttcccggtaacaacaa

>ECK125136832_ychNp4_reverse_1273655_[ICWHO|W|Inferred computationally without human oversight]_Weak
gtcgtattttctcgcgctttcaggaaaatccttaaaaatgtgaccgattggtcagacgctGcagaagcagtaagatagaag

>ECK125136844_yciBp3_reverse_1313055_[ICWHO|W|Inferred computationally without human oversight]_Weak
ttgggcgaatatgcgtctggtggcacccgcagtactgagctggttgctggcaaaaacactGttgctgctttttgcctcttc

>ECK125136846_yciEp6_reverse_1315238_[ICWHO|W|Inferred computationally without human oversight]_Weak
taaataagaaagccgaaaataaagcctgaaatatgaattttaacttttagtcattttataAagaggacattttcatgaatc

>ECK125136854_yciNp9_reverse_1330757_[ICWHO|W|Inferred computationally without human oversight]_Weak
gtcacactgtacctgataaaatccgatacgcaactttattagcatgcaaaatccaaagttGccagtaaggcgctcttgcca

>ECK125136865_yciTp1_reverse_1344544_[ICWHO|W|Inferred computationally without human oversight]_Weak
tgaatttgatgcccagcgcgttgccgaacgtattgatattgtgttagatatccttgtggcAggcgattaccactctgcgat

>ECK125136841_yciUp5_reverse_1307352_[ICWHO|W|Inferred computationally without human oversight]_Weak
ggcgaactaagtctggttggcacagttaaccttgatatgcgtagtctgtggctaaatttcGagattaccctggcaatcgac

>ECK125136866_yciWp4_reverse_1350236_[ICWHO|W|Inferred computationally without human oversight]_Weak
cggcggtttcagcattgctgcaatgaacgaactcgaactgaaataatcgttctgttggtaAagatgggcggcgttctgccg

>ECK125136867_ycjDp4_reverse_1351866_[ICWHO|W|Inferred computationally without human oversight]_Weak
gatgtgctggcatcgccgctgcatgaactcaccaaacggctgattgccggtcattttggcGaggcattgacggcggatgcg

>ECK125136872_ycjMp4_forward_1370003_[ICWHO|W|Inferred computationally without human oversight]_Weak
tacccacgttgagaacgccggtggcctgaaagacatcgcaatgccgaaggtcaaaggttaAaagaattcaccatgagcggc

>ECK125136910_ydbJp1_forward_1440856_[ICWHO|W|Inferred computationally without human oversight]_Weak
acattgcgcaaatgaggggcgcacgaaattgctgcgcgcccagtagtaatctttcaatttTagcaaatggctttcttctgc

>ECK125136923_ydcAp6_forward_1491647_[ICWHO|W|Inferred computationally without human oversight]_Weak
acccgatctttgatctcatcaacggtatcaaaataaaccagcgtataacgttcaaatcgaAcataagattcgataaaccat

>ECK125136934_ydcKp8_reverse_1500640_[ICWHO|W|Inferred computationally without human oversight]_Weak
ccatcccctaaccagtggctgacctgccaaacctggctggcatagcgccaggcaaatcccAtccctatcgtccccaacaca

>ECK125136939_ydcLp7_forward_1502323_[ICWHO|W|Inferred computationally without human oversight]_Weak
gtcgaagtttttagcagcttaacttactgaaatttaagtactgatgattgacttagccccTttttcggcattgactatgtc

>ECK125136947_ydcXp1_forward_1517221_[ICWHO|W|Inferred computationally without human oversight]_Weak
ttatcagtactacagttctactggaaacattcatttttgccaccttttatcattgcccctAtgtgtatagtacgggttaag

>ECK125136951_ydcZp1_reverse_1518375_[ICWHO|W|Inferred computationally without human oversight]_Weak
gtcaccgcgcaaatgccgcaggtaggcactaaatttggtcgttggctggatctgacatttAtgcagttgcaactcgacgag

>ECK125136972_yddBp6_reverse_1577666_[ICWHO|W|Inferred computationally without human oversight]_Weak
tatggttacacatcaacccggtgtctggaacctggccgatgatatttgtgacattagcgcGgttttataaaaacaataaaa

>ECK125136959_yddJp1_reverse_1544866_[ICWHO|W|Inferred computationally without human oversight]_Weak
attaaacgctgctaacaaccagttgaaatatataaatcttgatttcctgacttatcttccAtctatcaaaagtttaagact

>ECK125136962_yddJp8_reverse_1544758_[ICWHO|W|Inferred computationally without human oversight]_Weak
tactaataatacatccgatattggaactttattccccataataaaacagagcaaaacttaAattttttaaatgtttctggg

>ECK125136986_ydeIp1_reverse_1624516_[ICWHO|W|Inferred computationally without human oversight]_Weak
tggcaatattcttatttggcaattataaaaatagcaaccagacttaataagtcaaaccaaAcgcaattaaggagttagtat

>ECK125136975_ydeRp1_reverse_1588298_[ICWHO|W|Inferred computationally without human oversight]_Weak
atccgggactggtgagggcttcggcaacctttacccttgaatttcaataatcagagtcagAtatgaaaagacttcacaaga

>ECK125136990_ydfKp5_forward_1632985_[ICWHO|W|Inferred computationally without human oversight]_Weak
catattcagcatttttagtcatgccctaataaaattagggattggcatatccaataacccAgacaaaaccgatgtataagt

>ECK125137034_ydhBp2_reverse_1739809_[ICWHO|W|Inferred computationally without human oversight]_Weak
gtagggagtgaaattagtgttgtgaaacggtaatatttgatgactggtttcaaaaattttGcaggcagactatgtggtcag

>ECK125137035_ydhCp1_forward_1739855_[ICWHO|W|Inferred computationally without human oversight]_Weak
acatagtctgcctgcaaaatttttgaaaccagtcatcaaatattaccgtttcacaacactAatttcactccctacactttg

>ECK125137031_ydhFp1_reverse_1725648_[ICWHO|W|Inferred computationally without human oversight]_Weak
cgaaccggagcaaccatcactcttttgaacctaatcttgcgtatactcctctcatatctgAtaagaggaagcgattatggt

>ECK120016714_ydhIp_forward_1720998_[TIM|S|Transcription initiation mapping]_[AIPP|W|Automated inference of promoter position]_Strong
ttttcagaaattgcgcgtaaatttttcgcacttaaagaatatttattaatctaacgcaatAtattcggtcgtaaaggaatc

>ECK125137041_ydhSp3_forward_1747068_[ICWHO|W|Inferred computationally without human oversight]_Weak
gaatttaatcaagggcggttagcgcccttttcatccctgtctgaaatttctcaaattctaAaaatctcaaccaaacttatc

>ECK125137042_ydhSp5_forward_1747113_[ICWHO|W|Inferred computationally without human oversight]_Weak
atttctcaaattctaaaaatctcaaccaaacttatctgataacactaaattcgaaagaatGcgtacaggtaagtaacaatg

>ECK125137044_ydhTp1_reverse_1749569_[ICWHO|W|Inferred computationally without human oversight]_Weak
ttgcaccacggggcgtacgccacacgaaacctttaaaagcatggtcgatggctatcaccgGcactaacgaatgatcattac

>ECK125137054_ydiMp1_forward_1770930_[ICWHO|W|Inferred computationally without human oversight]_Weak
gcatttcaacgagtctaccctgatggcaattttattgactggaagatctatcaatcggtaGctgctgaattatatgcacac

>ECK120035108_ydiVp_reverse_1792087_[AIPP|W|Automated inference of promoter position]_Weak
aaaggacccctgaaaaagtggttaacatggaacaaatgaaagttactccttctgtaattgTtatgtcttatggcctcatcc

>ECK125137064_ydiYp6_reverse_1806217_[ICWHO|W|Inferred computationally without human oversight]_Weak
tttgcagataaatatatataaataaaaatctgttttcgccacatgcttattcaaaaaatgAaataagaatacattgctaag

>ECK125137085_ydjEp5_reverse_1853983_[ICWHO|W|Inferred computationally without human oversight]_Weak
tgataaagatgcggcaagtgaatttgccgcaattgctacctttttagcaaatccgaggcaCctaatggaacaatatgatca

>ECK125137087_ydjFp1_reverse_1854924_[ICWHO|W|Inferred computationally without human oversight]_Weak
aacacgattcacctctgtttctgtgaaaactgtgatgaaaatctgtgattcaaacaggttAttttgaaagtaaacatcggt

>ECK125137077_ydjXp1_forward_1833308_[ICWHO|W|Inferred computationally without human oversight]_Weak
ctggctcaaactgggtcaggagaattaaccttgagaaaaatcaacaaactgtcagtaatgAtttgttgcctgccgtccttt

>ECK125137092_yeaIp6_forward_1870243_[ICWHO|W|Inferred computationally without human oversight]_Weak
tttatccggtgttccgtgaactgtttcataaacaaaatgcaacagctaaaggctaaaactAtcagccaggtcattatcgcc

>ECK125137094_yeaMp1_reverse_1875648_[ICWHO|W|Inferred computationally without human oversight]_Weak
cctgtttttgccgcttaatgaagttgaacaggtcatatgcttctcattgttacaaacgagGctgtaccttaccgtttttat

>ECK125137096_yeaNp4_forward_1875463_[ICWHO|W|Inferred computationally without human oversight]_Weak
agcattttccaccgtacaggtaattgcaccatgtagcgccagtatcagctgtcctttgcgGtgctgatgtacaggactggt

>ECK125137099_yeaOp4_forward_1876777_[ICWHO|W|Inferred computationally without human oversight]_Weak
gcctgtgggccgccgctgatgggtaaaatacacgatgctaacggtaactggtctgtaccaCttatgggtgttgccatactt

>ECK125137102_yeaQp1_reverse_1879390_[ICWHO|W|Inferred computationally without human oversight]_Weak
gtacgttcttatgacacggaaaacgaacatgatgtttgtggttggtaattatcactgatcGttgatggcgcaatttctgcg

>ECK120009969_yeaYp_reverse_1890561_[TIM|S|Transcription initiation mapping]_[HIPP|W|Human inference of promoter position]_[AIPP|W|Automated inference of promoter position]_Strong
tttatttacgtaacaacgtcgcatggaagaaacttccgggcaaagaatgaatcttaagagTatgccctgagaaaaaaagga

>ECK125137141_yebAp1_reverse_1941683_[ICWHO|W|Inferred computationally without human oversight]_Weak
ctggggacgaatatcaaactgggtaaaacaagctattcagaattcctgagtcaattagccAaccagtatgcgagctgcctg

>ECK125137142_yebAp5_reverse_1941833_[ICWHO|W|Inferred computationally without human oversight]_Weak
attcaacctggcgcgcagcgtttacatgaaataagaacacagttggttgagcaaaaagcaAcctgcgtttttgctgagcca

>ECK125137143_yebAp6_reverse_1941721_[ICWHO|W|Inferred computationally without human oversight]_Weak
cacgagggacatccgttcgtatgggaacgttggatcccctggggacgaatatcaaactggGtaaaacaagctattcagaat

>ECK125137126_yebVp1_forward_1921745_[ICWHO|W|Inferred computationally without human oversight]_Weak
ttttgactggcacattcggctgcctcaactaggctgaaaaatggtgcgatcggactggtcGtaccacaatcggcagctaaa

>ECK125137130_yebWp3_forward_1921957_[ICWHO|W|Inferred computationally without human oversight]_Weak
caactggatgcctgggatgctgaaaccagtatccctgccctgctaaatggcgaacactctGtcctttaccgtacccgttac

>ECK125137147_yecDp4_forward_1950778_[ICWHO|W|Inferred computationally without human oversight]_Weak
cagtttgctataaaggtgttgcccgaactcataaaaattaacaaaatttgtcgttccgccAtcggctaatcgcattaaggt

>ECK125137179_yedJp3_reverse_2033203_[ICWHO|W|Inferred computationally without human oversight]_Weak
atttgaaagcgatttaggctctaccgcgggaaagtggttaggggcactggtcggatttttAtttatggctctggtcggggc

>ECK125137201_yeeAp6_reverse_2080661_[ICWHO|W|Inferred computationally without human oversight]_Weak
gcctttcaattttttcgctcctgccgggaaattacactgttcccggtttgtccgtcggatAattcagaggcgcgccttctg

>ECK125137202_yeeFp2_reverse_2087238_[ICWHO|W|Inferred computationally without human oversight]_Weak
tcttgtcatttcccccccatttaggcacaatgcgccgctgtcaaaaaatgactaaaaaccGacgtttcatcagcgtcggtt

>ECK125137193_yeeOp1_reverse_2059828_[ICWHO|W|Inferred computationally without human oversight]_Weak
ttaacagtccgccgttctaccgactgaactacagaggaatcgttgttgaggcacatcttaAcggcgaaaaatcttttgtca

>ECK125137194_yeeOp6_reverse_2059875_[ICWHO|W|Inferred computationally without human oversight]_Weak
tcaggaatttggctcctctgactggactcgaaccagtgacatacggattaacagtccgccGttctaccgactgaactacag

>ECK125137204_yeeZp7_reverse_2089176_[ICWHO|W|Inferred computationally without human oversight]_Weak
ttgcagcatgtcgttatcattattgaacagattcattcatagaatgaattgtcagttttgAtacgctagcgtagccttata

>ECK125137236_yegXp1_reverse_2183801_[ICWHO|W|Inferred computationally without human oversight]_Weak
tggctgcactacgcccgcgccatacaaactgggctgacaccgtacaggaggcaaaaagctGgctttcatcggcgttagccc

>ECK125137237_yegXp6_reverse_2183820_[ICWHO|W|Inferred computationally without human oversight]_Weak
tgtacactctctgcggcgttggctgcactacgcccgcgccatacaaactgggctgacaccGtacaggaggcaaaaagctgg

>ECK125137241_yehEp1_reverse_2192909_[ICWHO|W|Inferred computationally without human oversight]_Weak
tatttaatactgcgaatattctgcggaccttcgtccgaaactctacaaagtcgattgatcAtacaggcaatgcttcattat

>ECK125137269_yeiIp2_forward_2251653_[ICWHO|W|Inferred computationally without human oversight]_Weak
cgtttcgacggcattccgctgatcctcgaaaccatcaacccggatatctgggcagaagagAtcgcctggctgaaagcgcaa

>ECK125137275_yeiWp7_reverse_2265413_[ICWHO|W|Inferred computationally without human oversight]_Weak
tttaatttcgttcgctcttggcatcgaaaaattcctgtagtcgaaaatgtcaaaaatatcGcgacaaagtactcgcgacgg

>ECK125137280_yejGp5_reverse_2278353_[ICWHO|W|Inferred computationally without human oversight]_Weak
gggtacatatagccccgcaaacgtgaccacgcccgcagatattacttaaatcagagccatAgaggccacgcaggcgaggca

>ECK125137281_yejGp8_reverse_2278446_[ICWHO|W|Inferred computationally without human oversight]_Weak
cattcccccgatatatgtttattttatgtaaaatcaatttatgtaaaaagtcacatcattGtagttaaaaaggttgagtta

>ECK125137287_yejKp5_reverse_2284109_[ICWHO|W|Inferred computationally without human oversight]_Weak
tgttcaacctgttcatcactgtagcgggaaatttgtggcataaatcgaaatcagttagttGatgaaagggcaacatattac

>ECK125137298_yfaLp1_reverse_2344218_[ICWHO|W|Inferred computationally without human oversight]_Weak
taacaaaatagccattgcaccgggttgaacaatttacaaaagaaagatattccatatcgtAtaatgcgattaaatacgccg

>ECK125137299_yfaLp3_reverse_2344265_[ICWHO|W|Inferred computationally without human oversight]_Weak
aggttattaacttgaattatgacgcactgatattattcatcaaataataacaaaatagccAttgcaccgggttgaacaatt

>ECK125137297_yfaPp4_reverse_2328199_[ICWHO|W|Inferred computationally without human oversight]_Weak
ggatcggctggatttaacccatgagtatctgcacctggcctttgatggttatcccaccggGcttgatgagaactatatcga

>ECK125137319_yfbKp7_reverse_2385905_[ICWHO|W|Inferred computationally without human oversight]_Weak
cgtgtcggggcgttgacggtaatgcattgacccagggttggtaaaaaataatcatagggaGtaaaaacacaaataatataa

>ECK125137322_yfbLp7_forward_2385828_[ICWHO|W|Inferred computationally without human oversight]_Weak
tctttgtataatcctgctaatcttaataaaatacaatatcgaaacccatagcaaataatgAttcaacaacgcaacccatta

>ECK125137325_yfbNp1_reverse_2388587_[ICWHO|W|Inferred computationally without human oversight]_Weak
ctaaaggtgtcataattattccctgaaataatatattcatcaaacgaatgacattgtttgAattcattagcagataaatag

>ECK125137327_yfbOp1_forward_2388573_[ICWHO|W|Inferred computationally without human oversight]_Weak
cttaacattcatgttatgatgctcttgaaactaataatacgtatggaattgtcactatttAtctgctaatgaattcaaaca

>ECK125137330_yfbPp7_forward_2388995_[ICWHO|W|Inferred computationally without human oversight]_Weak
cagagctggtttgtagaagaaattgcccctgatgagtgctgggaaggatggtcagaagatAcggagcatggatgggttgaa

>ECK125137336_yfcIp7_reverse_2423712_[ICWHO|W|Inferred computationally without human oversight]_Weak
tcgtctgcaacggttccttaagggatcgctgaaataatttcctctccggtggctaacgctGccggagtattttcatgggga

>ECK125137337_yfcIp8_reverse_2423614_[ICWHO|W|Inferred computationally without human oversight]_Weak
cgctgaaatgtaaaagttacagtccgctaaaaatacttctgaattcgctgtccaaagataAaaactgcctgctgcattggg

>ECK125137347_yfcVp8_reverse_2455688_[ICWHO|W|Inferred computationally without human oversight]_Weak
atcgcatgccgtattcaatggctgggtataaacattggctattgactgaatcaatgtattGcaatgtttatattttaatta

>ECK125137354_yfdGp4_forward_2467737_[ICWHO|W|Inferred computationally without human oversight]_Weak
actggcttgatgagaaggtggagtgagcgaccttaacaactatcgaatagcacaaagtctTgcaatccagtgcaaagcttt

>ECK125137373_yfeCp4_forward_2518375_[ICWHO|W|Inferred computationally without human oversight]_Weak
tcaatcgctgaaaaatcaggcaaatgaacaattttggaaaaccgctcgcattcagtagttAttcatgtcacggtttcctgt

>ECK125137377_yfeHp5_forward_2526909_[ICWHO|W|Inferred computationally without human oversight]_Weak
taattcatctgttttcttcatgaatggatgcaataaatcaattttatttctcaaactggaAgaagcacaatagaaccatcg

>ECK120016565_yfeKp_forward_2537315_[TIM|S|Transcription initiation mapping]_[AIPP|W|Automated inference of promoter position]_Strong
ccgatgatcctcatcgtaatccaaccgaaactttacctgattctggcagtcaaatcggctAtcacaaaacaaggataaggt

>ECK125137375_yfeRp1_reverse_2527039_[ICWHO|W|Inferred computationally without human oversight]_Weak
tcgcgccgtgcataaagaacagcagggcaatagctgcggtggtcagattttcaaagaaggGgacgaaatcgcctctggccg

>ECK120009972_yfeYp_reverse_2551243_[TIM|S|Transcription initiation mapping]_[AIPP|W|Automated inference of promoter position]_Strong
gcttgtttttatgaagtaaaagaataacggcactttttggtgaatttgcactccaagcaaCgttattgaataaccaaagga

>ECK125137384_yffOp1_forward_2562080_[ICWHO|W|Inferred computationally without human oversight]_Weak
gtaattattgcggtttttgtcaattttcaacctcaattcttgcgaaaaatggcaaaaataAcggtatttttcatcatttat

>ECK125137387_yffQp1_forward_2563389_[ICWHO|W|Inferred computationally without human oversight]_Weak
gtgggagactgatggccgccgacgttgcacaattgattaatttctgaacattcaaatcaaCtcccaccaaagccaacaaga

>ECK125137388_yffQp3_forward_2563409_[ICWHO|W|Inferred computationally without human oversight]_Weak
gacgttgcacaattgattaatttctgaacattcaaatcaactcccaccaaagccaacaagAtgggaggtgaattttgtgat

>ECK125137398_yfgGp7_forward_2629085_[ICWHO|W|Inferred computationally without human oversight]_Weak
tatagagagcattgattctaagtgtcatatgaaagtaccaattgatatatatcaaacaaaAtaaccctgattaatgaatta

>ECK125137412_yfhRp2_forward_2664244_[ICWHO|W|Inferred computationally without human oversight]_Weak
gcgttgttaaagccatgctggcgaacatgcgtgacgagttaagcgacgctctgaagcgttAatgactcaggcgggtgatat

>ECK125137449_yfjIp8_forward_2758881_[ICWHO|W|Inferred computationally without human oversight]_Weak
gatgagtggttatcacaacgctgtaaacttatttgagggtgttacatgaattcatactcaAttgctgtcatcggagtgtaa

>ECK125137454_yfjPp5_forward_2767642_[ICWHO|W|Inferred computationally without human oversight]_Weak
tcagaaagattctgcaatctatgtgcattgaaaaaatcttcagatagatatcattctcctGaacaatccgatgaacggcag

>ECK125137472_ygbNp2_forward_2864907_[ICWHO|W|Inferred computationally without human oversight]_Weak
aattgccggactacctgatcgacatgaaccggacgatggagaaatcaactatccgtggctGttccgcctgttcgatgaggt

>ECK125137486_ygcGp7_forward_2905605_[ICWHO|W|Inferred computationally without human oversight]_Weak
gagtaacgtattatgtcagaagaaaataaagaaaatggatttaatcatgtcaaaacattcAccaaaattatatttattttt

>ECK125137479_ygcNp3_forward_2892572_[ICWHO|W|Inferred computationally without human oversight]_Weak
tgccgctgttaagtgcggtgatggtaaaagaaacctgcaccgcaggttgtatctatcgcgGcgaatgataagagtgtgtcg

>ECK125137480_ygcUp5_reverse_2899607_[ICWHO|W|Inferred computationally without human oversight]_Weak
attacgctggcgacacgcagtaatccagaaaccaatcagcgcgttcttgatcatattccgGcaaaccgttggggcgatact

>ECK125137481_ygcWp11_reverse_2900409_[ICWHO|W|Inferred computationally without human oversight]_Weak
gtgagagtaatcacgcttctgctttttaaaattatttgacaatacgaatatcacactgtgAttacgatcacattagcagtt

>ECK125137482_ygcWp12_reverse_2900471_[ICWHO|W|Inferred computationally without human oversight]_Weak
attacttttctcaggtctctagtaattgaaataataaataacatggaaagcagaggtgttGtgtgagagtaatcacgcttc

>ECK125137506_ygeAp5_reverse_2980803_[ICWHO|W|Inferred computationally without human oversight]_Weak
cattactttctggctcattccggaaaccaaaaatgtcacgctggaacatatcgaacgcaaActgatggcaggcgagaagtt

>ECK125137528_ygeRp1_reverse_3000039_[ICWHO|W|Inferred computationally without human oversight]_Weak
tgggattattacgcatcaggatgggaaatagggtaaaaagtcaggaagttcgatacctctAcagcgaatattttgctgatg

>ECK125137529_ygeWp1_forward_3006224_[ICWHO|W|Inferred computationally without human oversight]_Weak
ttattgttagtcccaggtatagctgtgaaaacaccaatcactttggcaagtcacagtgaaAtaaaccactttgcctgtcat

>ECK125137538_ygfSp5_reverse_3029164_[ICWHO|W|Inferred computationally without human oversight]_Weak
atgccgtggttgcagggcagcggaattaaactcgataaatggggcctgattcaaaccggtGacgtcgggtatttacctacc

>ECK125137539_ygfUp6_forward_3031189_[ICWHO|W|Inferred computationally without human oversight]_Weak
agagtgcgacatgccagaatgattaatgaaatatcaatatgagaaaattacagataattcCattgtcaggttctcttctca

>ECK125137547_yggCp1_reverse_3074756_[ICWHO|W|Inferred computationally without human oversight]_Weak
tgctctatgacgcgttaaaagcgatgaagttcgctgatttctccgtctggtcagaggcgcGttttagcggaatggtcaaaa

>ECK125137553_yggIp6_forward_3089588_[ICWHO|W|Inferred computationally without human oversight]_Weak
caacaccttctgggtgtatgcggctctgaacgtactgtttatcctgctgacattgtggctGgtaccggaaaccaaacacgt

>ECK120010000_yggNp1_reverse_3101798_[TIM|S|Transcription initiation mapping]_[HIPP|W|Human inference of promoter position]_Strong
caaactggatgaggtacgcaccagcgaacttttcgacgtttggtgggactaagaaagcatAcgggcgatgacaaatgcaaa

>ECK120010001_yggNp2_reverse_3101744_[TIM|S|Transcription initiation mapping]_[HIPP|W|Human inference of promoter position]_Strong
aagcatacgggcgatgacaaatgcaaaactgcctgatgcgctacgcttatcaggcctggaAagatgcacgatcgagtaggc

>ECK125137565_yghDp3_reverse_3111276_[ICWHO|W|Inferred computationally without human oversight]_Weak
tgaaatcagcgtcactttccgacatcgaaatgcgtggttttacctttgatcaaaaacgccAgatacttcacctccagctac

>ECK120010010_yghFp_reverse_3112899_[TIM|S|Transcription initiation mapping]_[HIPP|W|Human inference of promoter position]_Strong
aatacagacaaagagcatctgcgaaaaattgcacgcgggatgttctggctgatgctgcttAttatttctgcaaaaatggcg

>ECK125137574_yghQp1_reverse_3132593_[ICWHO|W|Inferred computationally without human oversight]_Weak
ttgagactgccatctcccgcaagcctgaccatgactatgccgagctgcaggacaaaatcgGtgtcatgtcgaagattggct

>ECK125137584_yghTp14_forward_3133915_[ICWHO|W|Inferred computationally without human oversight]_Weak
ccaggcttgccgtgagggtcgatttacctgaaccatcacatcctacaatggcaataacacGcactggcgtggaattaatta

>ECK125137610_ygiDp2_reverse_3182561_[ICWHO|W|Inferred computationally without human oversight]_Weak
gagaacgccgagaaacgcgccaataaacgtggctgcccccgccagtatggtcagaatgagAggtactgacatcgacaactc

>ECK125137611_ygiDp3_reverse_3182429_[ICWHO|W|Inferred computationally without human oversight]_Weak
tcattgttatccgggttcttactccgccgaacaagcgtattgtgaggatatcaaaatgacAcctttagttaaggatatcat

>ECK120010002_ygiMp_forward_3201104_[TIM|S|Transcription initiation mapping]_[HIPP|W|Human inference of promoter position]_Strong
attttgcgccaaattgccatgcaacgggcaatttgacgggcgtaaaagtttgaagcagtgGcaagacctgacacagaggat

>ECK120016574_ygiMp2_forward_3201042_[TIM|S|Transcription initiation mapping]_[AIPP|W|Automated inference of promoter position]_Strong
ttatgtcacataagtgacgatgaacggcgaacttaatgcgatcttttttgtcagtagataGtattttgcgccaaattgcca

>ECK125137592_ygiQp1_reverse_3161310_[ICWHO|W|Inferred computationally without human oversight]_Weak
gtttatttcggtcagccttcctgggcgcacttcccgttctacttcaacagtcagacgctgGaaatggcggaccgtggctcg

>ECK125137631_ygjIp1_forward_3226142_[ICWHO|W|Inferred computationally without human oversight]_Weak
catgaagcgtatcggtttatctgcaataacgcggtcaaaaaagtggttctcaaagtcaccAtcgaagatggttatttccat

>ECK125137632_ygjIp2_forward_3226070_[ICWHO|W|Inferred computationally without human oversight]_Weak
gaccgtgaatatttaaaaggctgcggagaaaccgttgaggtccacgaagggcaaatcgttAtttgcgatatccatgaagcg

>ECK125137636_ygjQp4_forward_3236365_[ICWHO|W|Inferred computationally without human oversight]_Weak
cgcatgatcgtggtgcacgagctggcgcacctgaaggagaaagagcataacaaagcgtttTaccagttgtgttgtcatatg

>ECK125137647_yhaHp7_forward_3252249_[ICWHO|W|Inferred computationally without human oversight]_Weak
cgcgccttcacggcactttattaattccttgaacgaatatttactgccatttcattcacgTctattcttaatttgctgctt

>ECK125137652_yhaIp12_forward_3252825_[ICWHO|W|Inferred computationally without human oversight]_Weak
tcgttatataaattacctataaaaaataaccatgtatttatcttaaatatcaaaacctttAtaacatccgaaaaagaaaga

>ECK125137649_yhaIp9_forward_3252700_[ICWHO|W|Inferred computationally without human oversight]_Weak
tttggaccagatccaaaactggaaccttaaaacaaatctgctcgccggatgtctgactcaTccggcttttatcattatgtt

>ECK125137656_yhaKp4_forward_3254274_[ICWHO|W|Inferred computationally without human oversight]_Weak
tttcgttctcattcaggaaatttgaacataccgggcagaatatctggctaacaatgtagcGtccagccccttaccataaaa

>ECK125137681_yhbUp1_forward_3301329_[ICWHO|W|Inferred computationally without human oversight]_Weak
tccaacacgagttttactccctgtttcaacaatcatcctattttgccatatcagaaaaatAacatagcggtataaatcaac

>ECK125137683_yhbUp7_forward_3301279_[ICWHO|W|Inferred computationally without human oversight]_Weak
gtacactcaacagagatggccccaaatgcacaatacgggaacgcagtttatccaacacgaGttttactccctgtttcaaca

>ECK125137698_yhcAp1_forward_3362039_[ICWHO|W|Inferred computationally without human oversight]_Weak
gttagctataactcggacagattatgccctatgacatggtctgtcttaatcaatctcatcGcaaacagtgcataacatata

>ECK125137708_yhcMp1_reverse_3380156_[ICWHO|W|Inferred computationally without human oversight]_Weak
ccaattagcgcatattcccaggtcatgaacatctcccgttgtcttttgtttccgtagggtGttggcttcaggctccatgcc

>ECK125137712_yhcOp1_reverse_3386210_[ICWHO|W|Inferred computationally without human oversight]_Weak
ggctggcggggatgctccataagtatcaacatgcgttgaccgatagttaagtcaaaaccgAcgccaaaagcgtcggttttt

>ECK125137725_yhdHp1_forward_3403280_[ICWHO|W|Inferred computationally without human oversight]_Weak
aacttatactgaatggcgttgtagaaacttagcgaacagcccagcaaagtcacaaaaattGttaacccggtgagcagcgta

>ECK125137728_yhdUp1_forward_3412497_[ICWHO|W|Inferred computationally without human oversight]_Weak
actctgcggaagaactggcgaaagtgaaaaaaagaaagaccggcaacctgtcaaaacgaaGccggttaagcgaagttgacc

>ECK125137756_yhfYp1_reverse_3511617_[ICWHO|W|Inferred computationally without human oversight]_Weak
aaggcgatgtcgatgcggtgatctggaacgtggtggcggaaaacgaactgaccatgctggGattagaggcgacgccgctca

>ECK125137773_yhgFp2_forward_3537176_[ICWHO|W|Inferred computationally without human oversight]_Weak
gtttccgtattgtcggctacgatgaaatttttggccgtaaagattacatctctatcgattCcccgatggcccgcgcattgc

>ECK125137819_yhiMp11_forward_3634817_[ICWHO|W|Inferred computationally without human oversight]_Weak
atgatatctcgtcattatattaacaggatgaaattatcattaatgcatatttcaatattaGcagggatacctgaggagttt

>ECK120016708_yhjJp_reverse_3682016_[TIM|S|Transcription initiation mapping]_[AIPP|W|Automated inference of promoter position]_Strong
tgagttcaggtttatttcacttcttccgtgacattttcatgttcttgcggtctaacacgaAgtgtttttaacgtcatttag

>ECK125137831_yhjRp10_reverse_3696283_[ICWHO|W|Inferred computationally without human oversight]_Weak
tgtgattttagtcttttcgtttttaactttttctgttgcgtaacggaaagtcaaaaagtgAgcaaattcccgtctcgccgt

>ECK125137833_yhjRp12_reverse_3696215_[ICWHO|W|Inferred computationally without human oversight]_Weak
cccgtctcgccgtaaacaataaaccggcgaaatgctcacggttagaattgtctcatgaacGgtacggttatttcataggga

>ECK125137834_yhjRp13_reverse_3696375_[ICWHO|W|Inferred computationally without human oversight]_Weak
agtttactagcgaaagctaagaaataaacctaccattgaaattaaaacttatcagatttaGcatgtgaatcaatttagaag

>ECK125137830_yhjRp5_reverse_3696356_[ICWHO|W|Inferred computationally without human oversight]_Weak
agaaataaacctaccattgaaattaaaacttatcagatttagcatgtgaatcaatttagaAggtcacaagacgtgtgattt

>ECK125137839_yhjXp6_reverse_3712097_[ICWHO|W|Inferred computationally without human oversight]_Weak
ggtgaataattgtcgcgtcattcattcctgaactaaggcatttcattccgttctgatggcAtttcatgccgtttttcccca

>ECK125137852_yiaBp1_reverse_3727797_[ICWHO|W|Inferred computationally without human oversight]_Weak
attaatatttagtatgaatttattctgaaaatcatttgttaatggcatttttcagttttgTctttcgttggttactcgtaa

>ECK120033257_yiaKp2_forward_3742720_[TIM|S|Transcription initiation mapping]_[AIPP|W|Automated inference of promoter position]_Strong
tatatttgaaatcaagtttcgcatattgaaattttaagccaaaaaagcgatcaaaaaaacAaggaagcctgggatgaaagt

>ECK125137876_yibBp6_reverse_3793834_[ICWHO|W|Inferred computationally without human oversight]_Weak
atagaggtgcaaggatgctaattgcaacaaactagtttgggttttagctagtccttcatgGcggatgttggttttgcatgt

>ECK125137868_yibGp6_forward_3768064_[ICWHO|W|Inferred computationally without human oversight]_Weak
aaaatggatacagtgctaacagcaccaacgaaccttaattcaaataaggatctaatggctAtaacaacaaaagaccttggt

>ECK120016718_yicJp_reverse_3836664_[TIM|S|Transcription initiation mapping]_[AIPP|W|Automated inference of promoter position]_Strong
aaaacaagttgatttgatatattaaatgaacaaattaatcttgatggcagtctgattattGgtgaagtttatagtcagttt

>ECK125137893_yicNp4_reverse_3842509_[ICWHO|W|Inferred computationally without human oversight]_Weak
cggctttatgtcgtactgcatcatgaaagtatgcaccgggcgctggcgcgatctgaacctGtgtgtggtggtggtcgcagc

>ECK125137894_yicOp1_reverse_3843957_[ICWHO|W|Inferred computationally without human oversight]_Weak
ctggtattcagcccggctaatgtgatgaaatttatggttaatagaattattcatatttttCtcattttgattttatcaatt

>ECK125137897_yicOp11_reverse_3843819_[ICWHO|W|Inferred computationally without human oversight]_Weak
tgcaattgaaatgtgataattatcactgaaccgttgttgtcatttgttttacaaaagcaaGggattaaatctcctccaatg

>ECK125137895_yicOp5_reverse_3843880_[ICWHO|W|Inferred computationally without human oversight]_Weak
aatttgattattatttatcataaagaaacgtcgcgagattattaaagaatatccattaatGtgcaattgaaatgtgataat

>ECK120010004_yidQp_forward_3867544_[TIM|S|Transcription initiation mapping]_[HIPP|W|Human inference of promoter position]_Strong
ccagaacacccatcaggcgcgtcctcatcggctacgatgtaaaaatgggtctggaaatgaActtttcaagccttatcagcg

>ECK120016709_yieEp_forward_3893829_[TIM|S|Transcription initiation mapping]_[AIPP|W|Automated inference of promoter position]_Strong
aaagttgtaataagcttgtctgaatcgaacttttagccgctttagtctgtccatcattccAgtaaatgattactcttgtat

>ECK125137905_yieHp4_forward_3896657_[ICWHO|W|Inferred computationally without human oversight]_Weak
gttgatgactcattatctatttccgaacaaggagggaaaatccgtcgctatcgtataccaAaatgcgacaataggcgcgtt

>ECK125137908_yieKp2_reverse_3899464_[ICWHO|W|Inferred computationally without human oversight]_Weak
actgagcttgagcagaaaaaaattaactttgattaccaggaatatccgggtctgaaccatGaaatggatgtctggcgacca

>ECK125137942_yihFp1_forward_4044175_[ICWHO|W|Inferred computationally without human oversight]_Weak
ttctgataatgcatcctgccgctggacattatttcagcataagtggatattcaaagttttGctgttttatcagggaatatt

>ECK125137943_yihFp4_forward_4044055_[ICWHO|W|Inferred computationally without human oversight]_Weak
ttgttcagcagtatgctgatacagtgaaatatctgtccgagaaaaaataattcaatgtaaAttacataaagcccgtgaata

>ECK125137949_yihLp2_forward_4060253_[ICWHO|W|Inferred computationally without human oversight]_Weak
atcgtcgccgcgccaaccgcgcaccgaaagacgattaatttcgttttttagtcataaaaaAcctgccagcgatggcaggtt

>ECK125137952_yihNp5_forward_4062166_[ICWHO|W|Inferred computationally without human oversight]_Weak
acaaatcaaacaagaggcaaaccatcttctgaaccactaataagttttaactcatacgcaGttaataaaaccattccatat

>ECK125137955_yihQp1_reverse_4069446_[ICWHO|W|Inferred computationally without human oversight]_Weak
tgttttttaatatttacggacagagaaaataacttgtattgattagcagtcaaaatcattGaagaacatttcactcgctaa

>ECK120009970_yiiSp_forward_4112869_[TIM|S|Transcription initiation mapping]_[AIPP|W|Automated inference of promoter position]_Strong
gcaaatgacaatacccggaaaatccttctgaactcttcaccttaagcaatatcaaaaaaaAtggtaatccataagatcatt

>ECK125137977_yijEp5_forward_4136089_[ICWHO|W|Inferred computationally without human oversight]_Weak
agcggctgcttgctggcagtcgctgaacgttctttaccagcgtatagtgggcgaacgaaaActacacactggatctctcat

>ECK125138007_yjcEp7_forward_4279835_[ICWHO|W|Inferred computationally without human oversight]_Weak
gtcgttatcgccgtggcgctggtgaccttctatgcgggtggctgggctatctaatctttcAtcggattctgaaaacgggtg

>ECK125138038_yjfPp5_forward_4416935_[ICWHO|W|Inferred computationally without human oversight]_Weak
cattatgaactaataccgccagcagaaacttgtgctaaggatttcttcatgtcataccagAcaaaaaggagagacagatga

>ECK125138073_yjgZp1_forward_4501058_[ICWHO|W|Inferred computationally without human oversight]_Weak
gcccgtcacccggacagacaccgttatggacttctcttgttgcacgatcgatcaattgttAtgcatgctgacaccacaacc

>ECK125138078_yjhBp7_forward_4503882_[ICWHO|W|Inferred computationally without human oversight]_Weak
atatctggcgaacattgttttttgttggtgacccaaaactgtaggtgggtatcagttttaTctttcatagagtgaaatatg

>ECK125138089_yjhGp4_reverse_4524226_[ICWHO|W|Inferred computationally without human oversight]_Weak
tactacaactgcccgctatttacgccctcgaaacaccgtttgtctcactgatcaaatacaGcatgcagtgtgtcgggctgc

>ECK125138104_yjiAp7_reverse_4589048_[ICWHO|W|Inferred computationally without human oversight]_Weak
gcggggctttgttcttatcagagtgaactatgtttggtaacttaggacaggcaaaaaaatAtctcggccaggcggcgaaga

>ECK125138093_yjiJp4_reverse_4562682_[ICWHO|W|Inferred computationally without human oversight]_Weak
caggctggcatgcttcacctttttgttattaacttgttaacaacaaaaatgacaaacaagGttaaacatgccttcgtccac

>ECK125138095_yjiKp7_reverse_4563730_[ICWHO|W|Inferred computationally without human oversight]_Weak
tggctgacctgtccccccggcgaggaaatacaatgggtgatccctgggctgactgagtcaAtttattgccagcaggatggt

>ECK125138105_yjiYp3_reverse_4591347_[ICWHO|W|Inferred computationally without human oversight]_Weak
accttactttacgcgcgcgtaactctggcaacatcactacaggatagcggtcaatttaccTcctcaaacgcaacgcaaacc

>ECK125138112_yjjAp1_reverse_4600337_[ICWHO|W|Inferred computationally without human oversight]_Weak
ttccaaacgcccaaccgggatgctgaccaacagtaatatggaagagatgaccaagttgctGggcgaacgcgtgatggaccg

>ECK125138107_yjjLp6_reverse_4594844_[ICWHO|W|Inferred computationally without human oversight]_Weak
tgcacggttttatcaaaagataaataccgggaaattcccgcttacctatgctcacaatcaGtcgactaaaaatgtttttgt

>ECK125138109_yjjLp8_reverse_4594882_[ICWHO|W|Inferred computationally without human oversight]_Weak
cattaagtacggattaaaaacagcaaactattagcgggtgcacggttttatcaaaagataAataccgggaaattcccgctt

>ECK125138128_yjtDp8_forward_4640838_[ICWHO|W|Inferred computationally without human oversight]_Weak
ttaacaactcaaccgttagtacagtcaggaaatagtttagccttttttaagctaagtaaaGggctttttctgcgacttacg

>ECK125136415_ykfIp7_reverse_263818_[ICWHO|W|Inferred computationally without human oversight]_Weak
gaatgccggaagctggatgaaacattcccgcactttatcctccagatggaatcgatgctgAccaccggtgaactcagcccc

>ECK125136444_ykgBp3_reverse_318376_[ICWHO|W|Inferred computationally without human oversight]_Weak
ggataccattgctgatatagccagaaaatataatgcttcatcctggaaagtcacatcgatGcgaattgataataattcaac

>ECK125136449_ykgCp1_reverse_320215_[ICWHO|W|Inferred computationally without human oversight]_Weak
tcgttccttgtggagcgttaagcatcaacaaacggctaagggcatccatatcagactcctGagtggtttttgattacaaac

>ECK125136435_ykgJp2_reverse_304258_[ICWHO|W|Inferred computationally without human oversight]_Weak
attagtacgtaaaatcggtaacggctggaaatcattcaatactcacactatcgaaagttcCccagccaaccgcggtacgtt

>ECK125136443_ykgLp1_forward_311939_[ICWHO|W|Inferred computationally without human oversight]_Weak
taagcccccaagagccagattaagtgaagttaaacgaaggctgccagctgtcacaggaacGatggcctttttgtcagggca

>ECK125136521_ylbAp2_reverse_544056_[ICWHO|W|Inferred computationally without human oversight]_Weak
cttgccgaaggggtcaaaacgttggcactcatgctttatcaacttgcctggcagaaataaGgagtcataaatgggatattt

>ECK125136739_ymdBp4_forward_1105738_[ICWHO|W|Inferred computationally without human oversight]_Weak
cttgataaacagaaaaagctggctgtaatgaacatcgaatataactaagtttctgaacaaCtcacgttgctgagcagaaaa

>ECK125136784_ymfIp1_forward_1201440_[ICWHO|W|Inferred computationally without human oversight]_Weak
caacgctaaggattctctctggttgaaaatacttagctgttatgtgcctgtcttttcaccActtcaggctcggtggtatgc

>ECK125136787_ymfJp9_reverse_1202259_[ICWHO|W|Inferred computationally without human oversight]_Weak
ctctataattggtactgtgattttctcaggaaaaccaagaagatacaaaatcaaagcctaAtcaatgtttatgaacctgct

>ECK125136820_ymgEp6_forward_1244579_[ICWHO|W|Inferred computationally without human oversight]_Weak
atgactcacgcggaaaaactcctgactgacaaactgtctttggtttatcggtcacagttaAcaaaacttaatacaaatgcg

>ECK125136806_ymgFp1_forward_1218814_[ICWHO|W|Inferred computationally without human oversight]_Weak
catttcagcagggttattatttctataaacctgttacatacatcgacctggtcaaaattaTcctttctaaaccgaaggtga

>ECK125136952_yncBp4_forward_1518892_[ICWHO|W|Inferred computationally without human oversight]_Weak
aaaacggatggacatgtctggcctcaataaaataatgatgatgatgttatcaatactatcGaaaacagcccgaagcaacgg

>ECK125136976_yneEp5_reverse_1609182_[ICWHO|W|Inferred computationally without human oversight]_Weak
gtccgttgtgctaataacaccgttacttctgaacccggtttcgaccgggtttcttatttcAccatattagttacaacatcc

>ECK125136978_yneFp7_reverse_1611874_[ICWHO|W|Inferred computationally without human oversight]_Weak
agggtacctttatttgccgccgctgtcagcgaacatgctatcttggttcggtcagtattgAtagtctggatttctggcctt

>ECK125137005_ynfAp7_reverse_1655679_[ICWHO|W|Inferred computationally without human oversight]_Weak
gagggtgtttatattgatgatattatgtcgccctataactatacatgatgtcaataagagAcaaagatgattaaaacaacg

>ECK125137007_ynfDp6_forward_1657414_[ICWHO|W|Inferred computationally without human oversight]_Weak
ttagagaaactggccatctcaggggtaaatgaaagtgttacctctgtgcggtcacatcctGtgaggaatatcgcgagtaag

>ECK125136993_ynfOp1_forward_1636727_[ICWHO|W|Inferred computationally without human oversight]_Weak
caggtatcgtattaattgatctgcatcaacttaacgtaaaaacaacttcagacaatacaaAtcagcgacactgaatacggg

>ECK125137067_yniAp1_forward_1807719_[ICWHO|W|Inferred computationally without human oversight]_Weak
cctgggaggaatggaatagcaacagaaaataaatggtttttgggcaataatcagtctgtgGtgtgcgttagctcgtgtttt

>ECK125137069_yniAp7_forward_1807579_[ICWHO|W|Inferred computationally without human oversight]_Weak
ggatgatgagggaaatatccatgagctgggaactaacacttttggacttatcagtacccaAagtgaagaagaaattagaga

>ECK125137063_yniDp6_forward_1805101_[ICWHO|W|Inferred computationally without human oversight]_Weak
aaacgcagaaacagtgaccatgtgcacaacgccacccgacggctgtaataacaaaaaatcCcttgatgcctgtcccttttg

>ECK125137081_ynjIp1_reverse_1845011_[ICWHO|W|Inferred computationally without human oversight]_Weak
ggctgcaccgcgtaaacgtagtgcgaaaaaaagtccgccagcagatgaagtcggaagcggGgcgatagcgtaagcgagtga

>ECK125137109_yoaCp1_forward_1893966_[ICWHO|W|Inferred computationally without human oversight]_Weak
agcaactctggttttctttcttagctgaacaatctggttatagcgtgcggactgaccgttAaatttctccatcttactgga

>ECK125137112_yoaHp1_reverse_1894933_[ICWHO|W|Inferred computationally without human oversight]_Weak
ttctttaccgaaagtggttaaagtgcaaatcggctcggcgaccacaatatcaaagcggctAtacggatgatcggcatagcc

>ECK125137187_yodBp16_forward_2042294_[ICWHO|W|Inferred computationally without human oversight]_Weak
ccattgcttatattggctggttacaatatgcactatcaattttttaaataacaaattattAaaaccacatctgtataagga

>ECK125137255_yohCp3_reverse_2225679_[ICWHO|W|Inferred computationally without human oversight]_Weak
aaaaggacgttcatcagacagtgaaaattacatgggcgaacaaaaaataatcacaagctgActtatacttgaactgtcagg

>ECK125137257_yohDp2_forward_2225763_[ICWHO|W|Inferred computationally without human oversight]_Weak
gcccatgtaattttcactgtctgatgaacgtcctttttcagcgtgaatgattcacagggtGtatgcttactggcaaccaaa

>ECK125137361_ypdIp1_forward_2494494_[ICWHO|W|Inferred computationally without human oversight]_Weak
cgccgccatcatattgggtgagcatgaaatgagaaatcagagagcaacggtcattttgaaAgggttatcttacagttgtag

>ECK125137392_ypfMp2_reverse_2591070_[ICWHO|W|Inferred computationally without human oversight]_Weak
aaataatattaaacatttttaacgtaaacattaagaatattcatcttgttatctgtctgtAttttaaccagaattaaatca

>ECK125137459_ypjAp8_reverse_2782822_[ICWHO|W|Inferred computationally without human oversight]_Weak
atttcatcatgatgtctttgatgagcggtgaacacaatacacttgcgctgtctcttcaggAtgaatcccctggtctggtgc

>ECK125137508_yqeFp1_reverse_2985624_[ICWHO|W|Inferred computationally without human oversight]_Weak
cctttgtgataaaaatcactttttttaaacaattaagataactgtaattaacaatcatttActattgcactgttaattggt

>ECK125137510_yqeFp11_reverse_2985809_[ICWHO|W|Inferred computationally without human oversight]_Weak
tctttagaccaaatattagacattatctgaacgtatcatctacaaattaaacaaaatggaGggcaatttaccataaaccag

>ECK125137509_yqeFp8_reverse_2985701_[ICWHO|W|Inferred computationally without human oversight]_Weak
ctacccctctattggtgggttagtggttgcaaaccttacgtgccagttatgtctctgactGctgctcaggcatatttcctt

>ECK125137511_yqeGp1_forward_2985719_[ICWHO|W|Inferred computationally without human oversight]_Weak
aaaaaaagtgatttttatcacaaaggaaatatgcctgagcagcagtcagagacataactgGcacgtaaggtttgcaaccac

>ECK125137516_yqeIp1_forward_2988344_[ICWHO|W|Inferred computationally without human oversight]_Weak
cacgaaaaattcagaagcattacgaaatatgaatttacaaacaatagtggcataaatgttAaccatgttaatttacgtaaa

>ECK125137523_yqeKp12_reverse_2990570_[ICWHO|W|Inferred computationally without human oversight]_Weak
tttttcttatttttgttctcctgatcaggaactaatggttgcagtggtaggctattattaAtatttcgtggcttcatttta

>ECK125137545_yqfAp10_reverse_3043364_[ICWHO|W|Inferred computationally without human oversight]_Weak
ctgaaaaacatgcagagcaggaaaatatgaccctgactgaactgaaaaaagtcattgctgAcatctatcccggtcagacac

>ECK125137562_yqgAp1_forward_3109534_[ICWHO|W|Inferred computationally without human oversight]_Weak
ctttgcgaacaaacaagccatcgacggcaccaaacggtcataataagaaaatcaaacaatAcagctaacaggaactcttgt

>ECK125137548_yqgBp1_reverse_3086250_[ICWHO|W|Inferred computationally without human oversight]_Weak
gccgtggaggtgatacgaaataatgaaccgttgtctgctgcttaacctgtctcaccgttcTggtgaagattcgttccccgc

>ECK125137590_yqhCp1_reverse_3155384_[ICWHO|W|Inferred computationally without human oversight]_Weak
agcatcgtgaggaatttgttcgcgtaaaccagcgattgcgcctttaccaaacagaatgcgGgttggggtgtgcagattaaa

>ECK125137612_yqiCp1_forward_3184831_[ICWHO|W|Inferred computationally without human oversight]_Weak
ttctggtttatgacttacccttatcgcactacaatggcactcaacacctatcagtacaggGaaactacaatgattgacccg

>ECK120010007_yqjAp2_forward_3247643_[TIM|S|Transcription initiation mapping]_[HIPP|W|Human inference of promoter position]_Strong
gacctttgttacaattagattcaatttgaatttatgtttttgaatgctttcttatctcacGatttaacagggaatagttca

>ECK125137665_yraHp4_forward_3287365_[ICWHO|W|Inferred computationally without human oversight]_Weak
tcttaaagttcagtctatttaatgttcaatgaaatatttctgcctgtataatctttaaagAtgttgaacatatattcacat

>ECK125137667_yraHp6_forward_3287291_[ICWHO|W|Inferred computationally without human oversight]_Weak
tttatactcttttgaatacatagaaaattgatatcaatataatgaaaatatcaaatatttGcatataaatataatcttaaa

>ECK120010003_yraPp_forward_3296349_[TIM|S|Transcription initiation mapping]_[HIPP|W|Human inference of promoter position]_Strong
atccgcattccttcgcatcgtagtgctcgcattcaggaaatgcatatgctgacggtaaatTgcctgtgcgatctgatcgat

>ECK120016576_yraPp2_forward_3296072_[TIM|S|Transcription initiation mapping]_[AIPP|W|Automated inference of promoter position]_Strong
aacggagcggcccagcttacctgccattgcactaaatactgataatgttgtcttaacggcGattgccaacgatcgcttaca

>ECK125137678_yraRp1_reverse_3299012_[ICWHO|W|Inferred computationally without human oversight]_Weak
aatcacttcgtgtccggctttacggaactcgtctgcgggtgaagtaaattctgaatcctcAaattcatcagtgattaaaac

>ECK125137762_yrfFp6_forward_3526274_[ICWHO|W|Inferred computationally without human oversight]_Weak
aattgcatgttatttacatttatgtaacttaataaataatcgtcctcaaatcaaattaaaAgtcaataggttgaaataact

>ECK125137786_yrhBp9_forward_3584720_[ICWHO|W|Inferred computationally without human oversight]_Weak
agcatttaataatatctttgacgaagatgaacgcgtctttgctcaatgtatcacacaggaAtaataatataacactcaaca

>ECK125137851_ysaBp1_reverse_3725902_[ICWHO|W|Inferred computationally without human oversight]_Weak
tagtggtgtgaatcatcaccaccattaaacacgctatccctcgcaggttatcaatccagtAaattttgggctgcatctgtg

>ECK125138046_ytfHp6_forward_4434104_[ICWHO|W|Inferred computationally without human oversight]_Weak
gtcttgtgtttaaatacgctaacacctaaacttacttttagtaagtacgtacaaaaaggtAagtatgaaatgagtcaggtt

>ECK120010005_ytfJp_reverse_4439286_[TIM|S|Transcription initiation mapping]_[HIPP|W|Human inference of promoter position]_Strong
gcgggaaattcgataaatagcacatatgattaaaactcagacccaagtggtcggatcaccTgcatatcataagaaggaaac

>ECK125138053_ytfQp6_forward_4449817_[ICWHO|W|Inferred computationally without human oversight]_Weak
ttttaagacggtatacagagcaggaaaatccataaccgtagccgcatttttcatagtgagAtgaaagcgattacaaacttg

